H
how are glacier caves formed ?	A partly submerged glacier cave on Perito Moreno Glacier .	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	The ice facade is approximately 60 m high	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	Ice formations in the Titlis glacier cave	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	A glacier cave is a cave formed within the ice of a glacier .	1
how are glacier caves formed ?	Glacier caves are often called ice caves , but this term is properly used to describe bedrock caves that contain year-round ice .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	In physics , circular motion is a movement of an object along the circumference of a circle or rotation along a circular path .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	It can be uniform , with constant angular rate of rotation ( and constant speed ) , or non-uniform with a changing rate of rotation .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The rotation around a fixed axis of a three-dimensional body involves circular motion of its parts .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The equations of motion describe the movement of the center of mass of a body .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Examples of circular motion include : an artificial satellite orbiting the Earth at constant height , a stone which is tied to a rope and is being swung in circles , a car turning through a curve in a race track , an electron moving perpendicular to a uniform magnetic field , and a gear turning inside a mechanism .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Since the object 's velocity vector is constantly changing direction , the moving object is undergoing acceleration by a centripetal force in the direction of the center of rotation .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Without this acceleration , the object would move in a straight line , according to Newton 's laws of motion .	0
how did apollo creed die	Apollo Creed is a fictional character from the Rocky films , initially portrayed as the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion of the World .	0
how did apollo creed die	He was played by Carl Weathers .	0
how did apollo creed die	Creed had multiple nicknames , including The Master of Disaster , The King of Sting , The Dancing Destroyer , The Prince of Punch , The One and Only and The Count of Monte Fisto .	0
how did apollo creed die	Urban legend states that Apollo Creed 's name is a wordplay on the Apostles ' Creed , a statement of belief used in Christian churches .	0
how did apollo creed die	All of Apollo 's championship fights were scheduled for the 15 round distance .	0
how did apollo creed die	Championship fights did not convert from 15 rounds to 12 rounds until 1987 .	0
how did apollo creed die	Rocky Balboa is often wrongly credited with popularizing the red , white , and blue trunks ; Creed was the first man to wear them ( latterly worn by Rocky Balboa in the 3rd and 4th installments and finally by Tommy `` The Machine '' Gunn ( Tommy Morrison ) in the 5th installment ) although normally he wore red and white , as seen in Rocky II .	0
how did apollo creed die	Balboa 's signature colors were black and gold—colors he used in the latest movie .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In the United States , the title of federal judge usually means a judge appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate pursuant to the Appointments Clause in Article II of the United States Constitution .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In addition to the Supreme Court of the United States , whose existence and some aspects of whose jurisdiction are beyond the constitutional power of Congress to alter , acts of Congress have established 13 courts of appeals ( also called `` circuit courts '' ) with appellate jurisdiction over different regions of the United States , and 94 United States district courts .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	Every judge appointed to such a court may be categorized as a federal judge ; such positions include the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court , Circuit Judges of the courts of appeals , and district judges of the United States district courts .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	All of these judges described thus far are referred to sometimes as `` Article III judges '' because they exercise the judicial power vested in the judicial branch of the federal government by Article III of the U.S. Constitution .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In addition , judges of the Court of International Trade exercise judicial power pursuant to Article III .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	Other judges serving in the federal courts , including magistrate judges and bankruptcy judges , are also sometimes referred to as `` federal judges '' ; however , they are neither appointed by the President nor confirmed by the Senate , and their power derives from Article I instead .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	See Article I and Article III tribunals .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a small pocket-sized semi-automatic pistol designed by Beretta in Italy .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	Production began in late 1984 , solely in the Beretta U.S.A. facility in Accokeek , Maryland .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	It is a further development of the Beretta Model 20 , whose production ended in 1985 .	0
how a vul works	Variable Universal Life Insurance ( often shortened to VUL ) is a type of life insurance that builds a cash value .	0
how a vul works	In a VUL , the cash value can be invested in a wide variety of separate accounts , similar to mutual funds , and the choice of which of the available separate accounts to use is entirely up to the contract owner .	0
how a vul works	The 'variable ' component in the name refers to this ability to invest in separate accounts whose values vary—they vary because they are invested in stock and/or bond markets .	0
how a vul works	The 'universal ' component in the name refers to the flexibility the owner has in making premium payments .	0
how a vul works	The premiums can vary from nothing in a given month up to maximums defined by the Internal Revenue Code for life insurance .	0
how a vul works	This flexibility is in contrast to whole life insurance that has fixed premium payments that typically can not be missed without lapsing the policy ( although one may exercise an Automatic Premium Loan feature , or surrender dividends to pay a Whole Life premium ) .	0
how a vul works	Variable universal life is a type of permanent life insurance , because the death benefit will be paid if the insured dies any time as long as there is sufficient cash value to pay the costs of insurance in the policy .	0
how a vul works	With most if not all VULs , unlike whole life , there is no endowment age ( the age at which the cash value equals the death benefit amount , which for whole life is typically 100 ) .	0
how a vul works	This is yet another key advantage of VUL over Whole Life .	0
how a vul works	With a typical whole life policy , the death benefit is limited to the face amount specified in the policy , and at endowment age , the face amount is all that is paid out .	0
how a vul works	Thus with either death or endowment , the insurance company keeps any cash value built up over the years .	0
how a vul works	However , some participating whole life policies offer riders which specify that any dividends paid on the policy be used to purchase `` paid up additions '' to the policy which increase both the cash value and the death benefit over time .	0
how a vul works	If investments made in the separate accounts out-perform the general account of the insurance company , a higher rate-of-return can occur than the fixed rates-of-return typical for whole life .	0
how a vul works	The combination over the years of no endowment age , continually increasing death benefit , and if a high rate-of-return is earned in the separate accounts of a VUL policy , this could result in higher value to the owner or beneficiary than that of a whole life policy with the same amounts of money paid in as premiums .	0
how an outdoor wood boiler works	The outdoor wood boiler is a variant of the classic wood stove adapted for set-up outdoors while still transferring the heat to interior buildings .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	A mound of Girl Scout cookies .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	This mound contains 74 boxes of cookies	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Girl Scout Cookies are cookies sold by Girl Scouts of the USA ( GSUSA ) as one of its major fundraisers for local Scout units .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Members of the GSUSA have been selling cookies since 1917 to raise funds .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Girls who participate can earn prizes for their efforts .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	There are also unit incentives if the unit as a whole does well .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	As of 2007 , sales were estimated at about 200 million boxes per year .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	University Hall	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue University , located in West Lafayette , Indiana , is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University system .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue was founded on May 6 , 1869 , as a land-grant university when the Indiana General Assembly , taking advantage of the Morrill Act , accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science , technology , and agriculture in his name .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	The first classes were held on September 16 , 1874 , with six instructors and 39 students .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Today , Purdue is a member of the Big Ten Conference , and is a well known world-class research institution .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the fourth largest international student population of any university in the United States .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue offers both undergraduate and graduate programs in over 211 major areas of study , and is well known for its competitive engineering curricula .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	The university has also been highly influential in America 's history of aviation , having established the first college credit offered in flight training , the first four-year bachelor 's degree in aviation , and the first university airport ( Purdue University Airport ) .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue 's aviation technology program remains one of the most competitive aviation-specific programs in the world .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	In the mid-20th century , Purdue 's aviation program expanded to encompass advanced spaceflight technology giving rise to Purdue 's nickname , Cradle of Astronauts .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Twenty-three Purdue graduates have gone on to become astronauts , including Gus Grissom ( one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts ) , Neil Armstrong ( the first person to walk on the moon ) , and Eugene Cernan ( the most recent person to walk on the moon ) .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	A sebaceous cyst ( ) is a term that loosely refers to either epidermoid cysts ( also known as epidermal cysts ; L72.0 ) or pilar cysts ( also known as trichilemmal cysts ; L72.1 ) .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	Because an epidermoid cyst originates in the epidermis and a pilar cyst originates from hair follicles , by definition , neither type of cyst is strictly a sebaceous cyst .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	The name is regarded as a misnomer as the fatty , white , semi-solid material in both of these cyst entities is not sebum , but keratin .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	Furthermore , under the microscope neither entity contains sebaceous glands .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	In practice , however , the terms are often used interchangeably .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	`` True '' sebaceous cysts are relatively rare and are known as steatocystomas or , if multiple , as steatocystoma multiplex .	0
how are pointe shoes made	Modern pointe shoes .	0
how are pointe shoes made	The edge of the toe pad , which is inserted between the foot and toe box for cushioning , can be seen on the right foot .	0
how are pointe shoes made	A pointe shoe is a type of shoe worn by ballet dancers when performing pointe work .	0
how are pointe shoes made	Pointe shoes developed from the desire for dancers to appear weightless and sylph -like and have evolved to enable dancers to dance en pointe ( on the tips of their toes ) for extended periods of time .	0
how are pointe shoes made	They are normally worn by female dancers , though male dancers may wear them for unorthodox roles such as the ugly stepsisters in Cinderella , Bottom in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , or men performing as women in dance companies such as Les Ballets Trockadero and Grandiva .	0
how are pointe shoes made	They are manufactured in a variety of colors , most commonly in shades of light pink .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	This tablespoon has a capacity of about 15 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	Measuring Spoons	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the US and parts of Canada , a tablespoon is the largest type of spoon used for eating from a bowl .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the UK , Europe and most Commonwealth countries , a tablespoon is a type of large spoon usually used for serving .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In countries where a tablespoon is a serving spoon , the nearest equivalent to the US tablespoon is either the dessert spoon or the soup spoon .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	A tablespoonful , nominally the capacity of one tablespoon , is commonly used as a measure of volume in cooking .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	It is abbreviated as T , tb , tbs , tbsp , tblsp , or tblspn .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	The capacity of ordinary tablespoons is not regulated by law and is subject to considerable variation .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the USA one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is approximately 15 mL ; the capacity of an actual tablespoon ( dining utensil ) ranges from 7 mL to 14 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In Australia one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is 20 mL .	1
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by the British author J. K. Rowling .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books chronicle the adventures of a wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The main story arc concerns Harry 's quest to overcome the Dark wizard Lord Voldemort , whose aims are to become immortal , conquer the wizarding world , subjugate non-magical people , and destroy all those who stand in his way , especially Harry Potter .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Since the release of the first novel Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone on 30 June 1997 , the books have gained immense popularity , critical acclaim and commercial success worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series has also had some share of criticism , including concern for the increasingly dark tone .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	, the book series has sold about 450 million copies , making it the best-selling book series in history , and has been translated into 67 languages .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The last four books consecutively set records as the fastest-selling books in history .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	A series of many genres , including fantasy and coming of age ( with elements of mystery , thriller , adventure , and romance ) , it has many cultural meanings and references .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	According to Rowling , the main theme is death .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	There are also many other themes in the series , such as prejudice and corruption .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The initial major publishers of the books were Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom and Scholastic Press in the United States .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books have since been published by many publishers worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books , with the seventh book split into two parts , have been made into an eight-part film series by Warner Bros. Pictures , the highest-grossing film series of all time .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series also originated much tie-in merchandise , making the Harry Potter brand worth in excess of $ 15 billion .	1
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Also due to the success of the books and films , Harry Potter has been used for a theme park , The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Parks & Resorts 's Islands of Adventure .	0
how a rocket engine works	RS-68 being tested at NASA 's Stennis Space Center .	0
how a rocket engine works	The nearly transparent exhaust is due to this engine 's exhaust being mostly superheated steam ( water vapor from its propellants , hydrogen and oxygen )	0
how a rocket engine works	Viking 5C rocket engine	0
how a rocket engine works	A rocket engine , or simply `` rocket '' , is a jet engine that uses only stored propellant mass for forming its high speed propulsive jet .	1
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines are reaction engines and obtain thrust in accordance with Newton 's third law .	0
how a rocket engine works	Since they need no external material to form their jet , rocket engines can be used for spacecraft propulsion as well as terrestrial uses , such as missiles .	0
how a rocket engine works	Most rocket engines are internal combustion engines , although non-combusting forms also exist .	0
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines as a group have the highest exhaust velocities , are by far the lightest , but are the least propellant efficient of all types of jet engines .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It served as Spears 's debut single and title track from her debut studio album , ... Baby One More Time ( 1999 ) .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Written by Max Martin and produced by Martin and Rami , `` ... Baby One More Time '' was released on September 30 , 1998 , by Jive Records .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	After recording and sending a demo tape with an unused song from Toni Braxton , Spears signed a multi-album deal with Jive .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' is a teen pop and dance-pop song that refers to a girl who regrets breaking up with her boyfriend .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	The song received generally favorable reviews from critics , who praised its composition .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' attained global success , reaching number one in every country it charted .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It also received numerous certifications around the world , and is one of the best-selling singles of all time , with over 10 million copies sold .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	An accompanying music video , directed by Nigel Dick , portrays Spears as a student from a Catholic high school , who starts to daydream that she is singing and dancing around the school , while watching her love interest from afar .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	The music video was later referenced in the music video of `` If U Seek Amy `` ( 2008 ) , where Spears 's fictional daughter is dressed with a similar schoolgirl outfit while wearing pink ribbons in her hair .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	In 2010 , the music video for `` ... Baby One More Time '' was voted the third most influential video in the history of pop music , in a poll held by Jam ! .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Spears has performed `` ... Baby One More Time '' in a number of live appearances and in all of her concert tours .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It was the encore of the ... Baby One More Time Tour ( 1999 ) and Dream Within a Dream Tour ( 2001 ) ; Spears also performed remixed versions of the song during the Oops ! ...	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	I Did It Again World Tour ( 2000 ) , The Onyx Hotel Tour ( 2004 ) , The M+M 's Tour ( 2007 ) , The Circus Starring Britney Spears ( 2009 ) , and the Femme Fatale Tour ( 2011 ) .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance , and has been included in lists by Blender , Rolling Stone and VH1 .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It has been noted for redefining the sound of late 1990s music .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Spears has named `` ... Baby One More Time '' as one of her favorite songs from her career .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It was also the final song to be played on the BBC 's music programme Top of the Pops .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera is an infection in the small intestine caused by the bacterium Vibrio cholerae .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The main symptoms are watery diarrhea and vomiting .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Transmission occurs primarily by drinking water or eating food that has been contaminated by the feces ( waste product ) of an infected person , including one with no apparent symptoms .	1
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The severity of the diarrhea and vomiting can lead to rapid dehydration and electrolyte imbalance , and death in some cases .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The primary treatment is oral rehydration therapy , typically with oral rehydration solution , to replace water and electrolytes .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	If this is not tolerated or does not provide improvement fast enough , intravenous fluids can also be used .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Antibacterial drugs are beneficial in those with severe disease to shorten its duration and severity .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Worldwide , it affects 3–5 million people and causes 100,000–130,000 deaths a year .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera was one of the earliest infections to be studied by epidemiological methods .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The Picture of Dorian Gray is the only published novel by Oscar Wilde , appearing as the lead story in Lippincott 's Monthly Magazine on 20 June 1890 , printed as the July 1890 issue of this magazine .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The magazine 's editors feared the story was indecent as submitted , so they censored roughly 500 words , without Wilde 's knowledge , before publication .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	But even with that , the story was still greeted with outrage by British reviewers , some of whom suggested that Wilde should be prosecuted on moral grounds , leading Wilde to defend the novel aggressively in letters to the British press .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Wilde later revised the story for book publication , making substantial alterations , deleting controversial passages , adding new chapters and including an aphoristic Preface which has since become famous in its own right .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The amended version was published by Ward , Lock and Company in April 1891 .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Some scholars believe that Wilde would today have wanted us to read the version he originally submitted to Lippincott 's .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The novel tells of a young man named Dorian Gray , the subject of a painting by artist Basil Hallward .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Basil is impressed by Dorian 's beauty and becomes infatuated with him , believing his beauty is responsible for a new mode in his art .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Dorian meets Lord Henry Wotton , a friend of Basil 's , and becomes enthralled by Lord Henry 's world view .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Espousing a new hedonism , Lord Henry suggests the only things worth pursuing in life are beauty and fulfilment of the senses .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Realizing that one day his beauty will fade , Dorian ( whimsically ) expresses a desire to sell his soul to ensure the portrait Basil has painted would age rather than he .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Dorian 's wish is fulfilled , and when he subsequently pursues a life of debauchery , the portrait serves as a reminder of the effect each act has upon his soul , with each sin displayed as a disfigurement of his form , or through a sign of aging .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a work of classic Gothic fiction with a strong Faustian theme .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Sári Gábor ( born 6 February 1917 ) , known as Zsa Zsa Gabor ( ) , is a Hungarian -born American actress who acted in supporting roles in movies , on Broadway , and occasionally on television .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Gabor was also a socialite .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She began her stage career in Vienna at age 15 , and was crowned Miss Hungary in 1936 .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She emigrated to the United States in 1941 and became a sought-after actress with `` European flair and style '' , with a personality that `` exuded charm and grace '' .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Her first movie role was as supporting actress in Lovely to Look At .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She later acted in We 're Not Married !	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	and played one of her few leading roles in Moulin Rouge ( 1952 ) , directed by John Huston , who described her as a `` creditable '' actress .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Besides her film and television appearances , she is best known for having nine husbands , including hotel magnate Conrad Hilton and actor George Sanders .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She once stated , `` Men have always liked me and I have always liked men .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	But I like a mannish man , a man who knows how to talk to and treat a woman – not just a man with muscles . ''	0
how bruce lee died	Bruce Lee ( traditional : 李小龍 ; born Lee Jun-fan ; 27 November 1940 – 20 July 1973 ) was a Chinese American martial artist , actor , martial arts instructor , philosopher , and filmmaker .	0
how bruce lee died	The founder of Jeet Kune Do , Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-Chuen .	0
how bruce lee died	He is widely considered by commentators , critics , media and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time , and a pop culture icon of the 20th century .	0
how bruce lee died	He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee was born in Chinatown , San Francisco on 27 November 1940 to parents from Hong Kong and was raised in Kowloon with his family until his late teens .	0
how bruce lee died	He was introduced to the film industry by his father and appeared in several films as a child actor .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee moved to the United States at the age of 18 to receive his higher education , and it was during this time that he began teaching martial arts .	0
how bruce lee died	His Hong Kong and Hollywood -produced films elevated the traditional Hong Kong martial arts film to a new level of popularity and acclaim , sparking a surge of interest in Chinese martial arts in the West in the 1970s .	0
how bruce lee died	The direction and tone of his films changed and influenced martial arts and martial arts films in Hong Kong and the rest of the world .	0
how bruce lee died	He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss ( 1971 ) and Fist of Fury ( 1972 ) ; Way of the Dragon ( 1972 ) , directed and written by Lee ; Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon ( 1973 ) and The Game of Death ( 1978 ) , both directed by Robert Clouse .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee became an iconic figure known throughout the world , particularly among the Chinese , as he portrayed Chinese nationalism in his films .	0
how bruce lee died	He initially trained in Wing Chun , but later rejected well-defined martial art styles , favouring instead the use of techniques from various sources , in the spirit of his personal martial arts philosophy , which he dubbed Jeet Kune Do ( The Way of the Intercepting Fist ) .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee held dual citizenship of Hong Kong and the United States .	0
how bruce lee died	He died in Kowloon Tong on 20 July 1973 at age 32 .	0
how active can one be with copd	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , also known as chronic obstructive lung disease ( COLD ) , chronic obstructive airway disease ( COAD ) , chronic airflow limitation ( CAL ) and chronic obstructive respiratory disease ( CORD ) , is the occurrence of chronic bronchitis or emphysema , a pair of commonly co-existing diseases of the lungs in which the airways narrow over time .	0
how active can one be with copd	This limits airflow to and from the lungs , causing shortness of breath ( dyspnea ) .	0
how active can one be with copd	In clinical practice , COPD is defined by its characteristically low airflow on lung function tests .	0
how active can one be with copd	In contrast to asthma , this limitation is poorly reversible and usually gets progressively worse over time .	0
how active can one be with copd	COPD is caused by noxious particles or gas , most commonly from tobacco smoking , which triggers an abnormal inflammatory response in the lung .	0
how active can one be with copd	The diagnosis of COPD requires lung function tests .	0
how active can one be with copd	Important management strategies are smoking cessation , vaccinations , rehabilitation , and drug therapy ( often using inhalers ) .	0
how active can one be with copd	Some patients go on to require long-term oxygen therapy or lung transplantation .	0
how active can one be with copd	Worldwide , COPD ranked as the sixth leading cause of death in 1990 .	0
how active can one be with copd	It is projected to become the fourth leading cause of death worldwide by 2030 , due to an increase in smoking rates and demographic changes in many countries .	0
how active can one be with copd	COPD is the third leading cause of death in the U.S. , and the economic burden of COPD in the U.S. in 2007 was $ 42.6 billion in health care costs and lost productivity .	0
how did anne frank die	Annelies `` Anne '' Marie Frank ( , ? , ; 12 June 1929early March 1945 ) is one of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust .	0
how did anne frank die	Her diary has been the basis for several plays and films .	0
how did anne frank die	Born in the city of Frankfurt am Main in Weimar Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	Born a German national , Frank lost her citizenship in 1941 .	0
how did anne frank die	She gained international fame posthumously after her diary was published .	0
how did anne frank die	It documents her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .	0
how did anne frank die	The Frank family moved from Germany to Amsterdam in 1933 , the year the Nazis gained control over Germany .	0
how did anne frank die	By the beginning of 1940 , they were trapped in Amsterdam by the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	As persecutions of the Jewish population increased in July 1942 , the family went into hiding in the hidden rooms of Anne 's father , Otto Frank 's , office building .	0
how did anne frank die	After two years , the group was betrayed and transported to concentration camps .	0
how did anne frank die	Anne Frank and her sister , Margot , were eventually transferred to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died of typhus in March 1945 .	1
how did anne frank die	Otto Frank , the only survivor of the family , returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that Anne 's diary had been saved , and his efforts led to its publication in 1947 .	0
how did anne frank die	It was translated from its original Dutch and first published in English in 1952 as The Diary of a Young Girl .	0
how did anne frank die	It has since been translated into many languages .	0
how did anne frank die	The diary , which was given to Anne on her 13th birthday , chronicles her life from 12 June 1942 until 1 August 1944 .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Kurt 's signature	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Kurt Donald Cobain ( February 20 , 1967 – April 5 , 1994 ) was an American musician and artist , best known as the lead singer , guitarist and primary songwriter of the grunge band Nirvana .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Cobain formed Nirvana with Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen , Washington in 1985 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene , having its debut album Bleach released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989 .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	After signing with major label DGC Records , the band found breakthrough success with `` Smells Like Teen Spirit `` from its second album Nevermind ( 1991 ) .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Following the success of Nevermind , Nirvana was labeled `` the flagship band '' of Generation X , and Cobain hailed as `` the spokesman of a generation '' .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Cobain , however , was often uncomfortable and frustrated , believing his message and artistic vision to have been misinterpreted by the public , with his personal issues often subject to media attention .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	He challenged Nirvana 's audience with its final studio album In Utero ( 1993 ) .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	During the last years of his life , Cobain struggled with heroin addiction , illness and depression .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	He also had difficulty coping with his fame and public image , and the professional and lifelong personal pressures surrounding himself and his wife , musician Courtney Love .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	On April 8 , 1994 , Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle , the victim of what was officially ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	The circumstances of his death at age 27 have become a topic of public fascination and debate .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Since their debut , Nirvana , with Cobain as a songwriter , has sold over 25 million albums in the U.S. , and over 50 million worldwide .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine timing and cam mechanism .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Click for full resolution animation .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine of a biplane	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Master rod ( upright ) , slaves and balances from a two-row , fourteen-cylinder Pratt & Whitney Twin Wasp	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial engine is a reciprocating type internal combustion engine configuration in which the cylinders point outward from a central crankshaft like the spokes of a wheel .	1
how are aircraft radial engines built	It resembles a stylized star when viewed from the front , and is called a `` star engine '' ( German Sternmotor ) in some languages .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial configuration was very commonly used in aircraft engines before turbine engines became predominant .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The Golden Girls is an American sitcom , created by Susan Harris , that originally aired on NBC from September 13 , 1985 , to May 9 , 1992 .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	Starring Bea Arthur , Betty White , Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty , the show centers on four older women sharing a home in Miami , Florida .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	It was produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions , in association with Touchstone Television , and Paul Junger Witt , Tony Thomas , and Harris served as the original executive producers .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The Golden Girls received critical acclaim throughout most of its run and won several awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series twice .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	It also won three Golden Globe Awards for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	All four stars each received an Emmy Award throughout the series ' run and had multiple nominations .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The series also ranked among the top ten highest-rated programs for six out of its seven seasons .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling is the process of oil and gas exploration and production in depths of more than 500 feet .	1
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	By this definition , there are approximately 600 deepwater wells in the Gulf of Mexico .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	It has been economically infeasible for many years , but with rising oil prices , more companies are investing in this area .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Major companies working in this sector include Diamond Offshore , TransOcean , and Baker Hughes .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	There are basically two kinds of mobile deepwater drilling rigs : semi-submersible drilling rigs and drillships .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Drilling can also be performed from a fixed-position installation such as a floating spar ( platform ) or tension-leg platform .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Recent industry analysis has estimated that the total expenditure in the global deepwater infrastructure market will reach $ 145bn in 2011 .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“Not all oil is accessible on land or in shallow water .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	You can find some oil deposits buried deep under the ocean floor.” ... Using sonic equipment , oil companies determine the drilling sites most likely to produce oil .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Then they use a mobile offshore drilling unit ( MODU ) to dig the initial well .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Some units are converted into production rigs , meaning they switch from drilling for oil to capturing oil once it 's found .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Most of the time , the oil company will replace the MODU with a more permanent oil production rig to capture oil.” ... The MODU 's job is to drill down into the ocean 's floor to find oil deposits .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	The part of the drill that extends below the deck and through the water is called the riser .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	The riser allows for drilling fluids to move between the floor and the rig .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Engineers lower a drill string -- a series of pipes designed to drill down to the oil deposit -- through the riser.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The expansion of deepwater drilling is happening despite accidents in offshore fields ... ”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	In 2010 a large explosion occurred killing 11 workers and spilling millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico while a BP oil rig was drilling in deep waters .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“ ... Despite the risks , the deepwater drilling trend is spreading in the Mediterranean and off the coast of East Africa after a string of huge discoveries of natural gas.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The reason for the resumption of such drilling , analyst say , is continuing high demand for energy worldwide.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	America needs the oil so it is almost necessary to face the high risks that come with deepwater drilling in order for Americans to continue to carry on their everyday lives .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The Energy Department recently projected that gulf oil production would expand from its 2011 level of 1.3 million barrels a day , still nearly a quarter of total domestic production , to 2 million barrels a day by 2020.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling affects the environment in both negative and positive ways .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Although Deepwater drilling rarely causes oil spills it is still a hazardous possible outcome .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Oil spills result in oil sinking to the bottom of the ocean smothering plant life leaving fish without food and shelter to survive .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	On the other hand deepwater drilling effects the environment in a positive ways too .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	In time once the deepwater oil well is not in use anymore plants will grow on and around the well making a cave or cavern like shelter ideal for animals to thrive in .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling also lets us see the depths of the ocean floor that are hardly ever seen .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	”Cameras on rovers at the bottom of the wells record footage and take photos of rare fish that are in there natural habitat , giving scientist a look at animals they rarely seen” ( Chevron Corporation ) . ''	0
how old was monica lewinsky during the affair	Monica Samille Lewinsky ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is an American woman with whom United States President Bill Clinton admitted to having had an `` improper relationship '' while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996 .	1
how old was monica lewinsky during the affair	The affair and its repercussions ( which included Clinton 's impeachment ) became known as the Lewinsky scandal .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Francis Albert `` Frank '' Sinatra , , ( December 12 , 1915 – May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer and film actor .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Beginning his musical career in the swing era with Harry James and Tommy Dorsey , Sinatra found unprecedented success as a solo artist from the early to mid-1940s after being signed to Columbia Records in 1943 .	1
how long was frank sinatra famous	Being the idol of the `` bobby soxers `` , he released his first album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1946 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	His professional career had stalled by the 1950s , but it was reborn in 1953 after he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in From Here to Eternity .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He signed with Capitol Records in 1953 and released several critically lauded albums ( such as In the Wee Small Hours , Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! , Come Fly with Me , Only the Lonely and Nice 'n ' Easy ) .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra left Capitol to found his own record label , Reprise Records in 1961 ( finding success with albums such as Ring-a-Ding-Ding ! , Sinatra at the Sands and Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim ) , toured internationally , was a founding member of the Rat Pack and fraternized with celebrities and statesmen , including John F. Kennedy .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra turned 50 in 1965 , recorded the retrospective September of My Years , starred in the Emmy -winning television special Frank Sinatra : A Man and His Music , and scored hits with `` Strangers in the Night `` and `` My Way `` .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	With sales of his music dwindling and after appearing in several poorly received films , Sinatra retired for the first time in 1971 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Two years later , however , he came out of retirement and in 1973 recorded several albums , scoring a Top 40 hit with `` ( Theme From ) New York , New York `` in 1980 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base , he toured both within the United States and internationally , until a short time before his death in 1998 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra also forged a highly successful career as a film actor .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	After winning Best Supporting Actor in 1953 , he also garnered a nomination for Best Actor for The Man with the Golden Arm , and critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He also starred in such musicals as High Society , Pal Joey , Guys and Dolls and On the Town .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra was honored at the Kennedy Center Honors in 1983 and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Ronald Reagan in 1985 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 1997 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He was the recipient of eleven Grammy Awards , including the Grammy Trustees Award , Grammy Legend Award and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra is also one of world’s best-selling artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million copies worldwide .	0
how big is cornhole hole	Typical cornhole board	0
how big is cornhole hole	Cornhole , also known as bean bag toss , corn toss , baggo or bags , is a lawn game in which players take turns throwing corn hole bags at a raised platform with a hole in the far end .	0
how big is cornhole hole	A bag in the hole scores 3 points , while one on the platform scores 1 point .	0
how big is cornhole hole	Play continues until a team or player reaches the score of 21 .	0
how much is a gold 1986 American Eagle worth ?	The American Gold Eagle is an official gold bullion coin of the United States .	0
how much is a gold 1986 American Eagle worth ?	Authorized under the Gold Bullion Coin Act of 1985 , it was first released by the United States Mint in 1986 .	0
how much is Hot yoga growing yearly	Bikram Yoga is a system of yoga that Bikram Choudhury synthesized from traditional hatha yoga techniques and popularized beginning in the early 1970s .	0
how much is Hot yoga growing yearly	All Bikram Yoga classes run for 90 minutes and consist of the same series of 26 postures and 2 breathing exercises .	0
how much is Hot yoga growing yearly	Bikram Yoga is ideally practiced in a room heated to 105°F ( ≈ 40.6°C ) with a humidity of 40 % , .	0
how old are the massey brothers	Christopher Michael Massey ( born 26 January 1990 ) is an American actor , comedian and rapper best known for starring as Michael Barret in Nickelodeon television series Zoey 101 .	0
how old are the massey brothers	Massey has received many awards and nomination including a Young Artist Award and Emmy Awards nominations .	0
how old are the massey brothers	He is also known for appearing in several commercials in the early 2000s .	0
how much is 7 teaspoons '	A conventional teaspoon made of stainless steel .	0
how much is 7 teaspoons '	A teaspoon is an item of cutlery and/or a measuring instrument , as well as a unit of measurement of volume in some countries and customs .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	A fern is any one or more of a group of about 12,000 species of plants belonging to the botanical group known as Pteridophyta .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	Unlike mosses , they have xylem and phloem ( making them vascular plants ) .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	They have stems , leaves , and roots like other vascular plants .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	Ferns reproduce via spores and have neither seeds nor flowers .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	By far the largest group of ferns is the leptosporangiate ferns , but ferns as defined here ( also called monilophytes ) include horsetails , whisk ferns , marattioid ferns , and ophioglossoid ferns .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	The term pteridophyte also refers to ferns and a few other seedless vascular plants ( see classification section below ) .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	Ferns first appear in the fossil record 360 million years ago in the Carboniferous but many of the current families and species did not appear until roughly 145 million years ago in the early Cretaceous ( after flowering plants came to dominate many environments ) .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	Ferns are not of major economic importance , but some are grown or gathered for food , as ornamental plants , for remediating contaminated soils , and have been the subject of research for their ability to remove some chemical pollutants from the air .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	Some are significant weeds .	0
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar	They also play a role in mythology , medicine , and art .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Flat roofs in Israel	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Flat roof in Los Angeles	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	A flat roof is a type of covering for a building .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	In contrast to the more sloped form of roof , a flat roof is horizontal or nearly horizontal .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	The slope of a roof is properly known as its pitch : Roofs which are nearly flat are known as low-pitch roofs ( as the angle of slope increases , so the pitch is said to increase ) .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Any sheet of material used to cover a flat or low-pitched roof is usually known as a membrane and the primary purpose of these membranes is to waterproof the roof area .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Materials that cover flat roofs typically allow the water to run off from a slight inclination or camber into a gutter system .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Water from some flat roofs such as on garden sheds sometimes flows freely off the edge of a roof , though gutter systems are of advantage in keeping both walls and foundations dry .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Gutters on smaller roofs often lead water directly onto the ground , or better , into a specially made soakaway .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Gutters on larger roofs usually lead water into the rainwater drainage system of any built up area .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Occasionally flat roofs though are designed to collect water in a pool , usually for aesthetic purposes , or for rainwater buffering .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Flat roofs exist all over the world and each area has its own tradition or preference for materials used .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	In warmer climes where rainfall is less and freezing is unlikely to occur , many flat roofs are simply built of masonry or concrete and this is good at keeping out the heat of the sun and cheap and easy to build where timber is not readily available .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	In areas where the roof could become saturated by rain and leak , or where water soaked into the brickwork could freeze to ice and thus lead to 'blowing ' ( breaking up of the mortar/brickwork/concrete by the expansion of ice as it forms ) these roofs are not suitable .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Traditionally most flat roofs in the western world make use of tar or more usually tar paper applied over roof decking to keep a building watertight .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	The tar or tarpaper is in turn covered in gravel to keep the sun 's heat , UV rays and weather off it and helps protect it from cracking or blistering and degradation .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Roof decking is usually of plywood , chipboard or OSB boards ( OSB = Oriented Strand Board , also known as Sterling board ) of around 18mm thickness .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	The tar coating is applied in one or more coats as a hot liquid , heated in a tar kettle , or as sheets of tar impregnated 'paper ' glued down and sealed together at joints by hot tar - once it has cooled , the gravel is spread evenly over it .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	A main reason for failure of these traditional roofs is ignorance or lack of maintenance where people or events cause the gravel to be moved or removed from the tar or tarpaper waterproofing , thus exposing it to weather and sun whereupon cracking and blistering occurs over time and eventually water gets in .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Tarpaper is usually a 'paper ' or fibre material soaked or impregnated in tar .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	As gravel can not protect tarpaper surfaces where they rise vertically from the roof such as on parapet walls or upstands , tarpaper variants are produced with fine gravel applied to the hot tar during the process of manufacture such that a permanent layer of gravel is stuck to it in order to give it ongoing protection .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Tarpapers vary in quality as does the workmanship and training of those applying it to produce more or less successful results .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	In some micro climates or shaded areas these rather 'basic ' tarpaper roofs can last well in relation to the cost of materials purchase and cost of laying them , however the cost of modern membranes such as EPDM has come down over recent years to make them more and more affordable .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	There are now more firms supplying modern alternatives and there is generally a growing awareness of their performance and availability .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	If a leak does occur on a flat roof then damage often goes unnoticed for long periods of time during which water penetrates and soaks the decking and any insulation and/or structure beneath it .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	This can lead to expensive damage from the rot which often develops and if left can weaken the roof structure .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	There are also various health risks to people and animals breathing the mould spores : the severity of this health risk remains a debated point .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	One problem with maintaining flat roofs is that if water does penetrate the barrier covering ( be it traditional or a modern membrane ) it can travel a long way before causing visible damage or leaking into a building where it can be seen .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Thus it is not easy to see where it is leaking in order to repair it .	0
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?	Once underlying roof decking is soaked it often sags causing a further collection or puddling of water in that area and the problem worsens .	0
how cds are read	A CD-ROM ( ) is a pre-pressed compact disc which contains data .	0
how cds are read	The name is an acronym which stands for `` Compact Disc Read-only memory `` .	0
how cds are read	Computers can read CD-ROMs , but can not write on them .	0
how cds are read	CD-ROMs are popularly used to distribute computer software , including video games and multimedia applications , though any data can be stored ( up to the capacity limit of a disc ) .	0
how cds are read	Some CDs , called enhanced CDs , hold both computer data and audio with the latter capable of being played on a CD player , while data ( such as software or digital video ) is only usable on a computer ( such as ISO 9660 format PC CD-ROMs ) .	0
how cds are read	The Yellow Book is the technical standard that defines the format of CD-ROMs .	0
how cds are read	One of a set of color-bound books that contain the technical specifications for all CD formats , the Yellow Book , created by Sony and Philips , was the first extension of Compact Disc Digital Audio .	0
how cds are read	It adapted the format to hold any form of data .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Joanne `` Jo '' Rowling ( ) , ( born 31 July 1965 ) , pen name J. K. Rowling , is a British novelist , best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The Potter books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	They have become the best-selling book series in history , and been the basis for a series of films which has become the highest-grossing film series in history .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling had overall approval on the scripts as well as maintaining creative control by serving as a producer on the final instalment .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Born in Yate , Gloucestershire , Rowling was working as a researcher and bilingual secretary for Amnesty International when she conceived the idea for the Harry Potter series on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The seven-year period that followed entailed the death of her mother , divorce from her first husband and poverty until Rowling finished the first novel in the series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone ( 1997 ) .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling subsequently published 6 sequels—the last , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ( 2007 ) —as well as 3 supplements to the series .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	In 2012 , Rowling parted with her agency and resumed writing in the form of a tragicomedy novel aimed at adult readership , entitled The Casual Vacancy .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling has said she is currently working on two books—one aimed for adults , the other for children younger than the Harry Potter audience , and she expects the latter to be published first .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling has led a `` rags to riches `` life story , in which she progressed from living on state benefits to multi-millionaire status within five years .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	She is the United Kingdom 's best-selling author since records began , with sales in excess of £238m .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The 2008 Sunday Times Rich List estimated Rowling 's fortune at £560 million ( $ 798 million ) , ranking her as the twelfth richest woman in the United Kingdom .	1
how much is jk rowling worth	Forbes ranked Rowling as the forty-eighth most powerful celebrity of 2007 , and TIME magazine named her as a runner-up for its 2007 Person of the Year , noting the social , moral , and political inspiration she has given her fans .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	In October 2010 , Rowling was named the `` Most Influential Woman in Britain '' by leading magazine editors .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	She has become a notable philanthropist , supporting such charities as Comic Relief , One Parent Families , Multiple Sclerosis Society of Great Britain and Lumos ( formerly the Children 's High Level Group ) .	0
how big is auburndale florida	Auburndale is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .	0
how big is auburndale florida	The population was 11,032 at the 2000 census .	0
how big is auburndale florida	According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005 , the city had a population of 12,381 .	1
how big is auburndale florida	It is part of the Lakeland – Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Hurricane Isabel ( 2003 ) as seen from orbit during Expedition 7 of the International Space Station .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The eye , eyewall , and surrounding rainbands , characteristics of tropical cyclones , are clearly visible in this view from space .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	A tropical cyclone is a storm system characterized by a low-pressure center surrounded by a spiral arrangement of thunderstorms that produce strong winds and heavy rain .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Tropical cyclones strengthen when water evaporated from the ocean is released as the saturated air rises , resulting in condensation of water vapor contained in the moist air .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	They are fueled by a different heat mechanism than other cyclonic windstorms such as nor'easters , European windstorms , and polar lows .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The characteristic that separates tropical cyclones from other cyclonic systems is that at any height in the atmosphere , the center of a tropical cyclone will be warmer than its surroundings ; a phenomenon called `` warm core `` storm systems .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The term `` tropical '' refers both to the geographical origin of these systems , which usually form in tropical regions of the globe , and to their formation in maritime tropical air masses .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The term `` cyclone '' refers to such storms ' cyclonic nature , with counterclockwise wind flow in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise wind flow in the Southern Hemisphere .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The opposite direction of the wind flow is a result of the Coriolis force .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Depending on its location and strength , a tropical cyclone is referred to by names such as hurricane ( , ) , typhoon ( ) , tropical storm , cyclonic storm , tropical depression , and simply cyclone .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	While tropical cyclones can produce extremely powerful winds and torrential rain , they are also able to produce high waves , damaging storm surge , and tornadoes .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	They develop over large bodies of warm water , and lose their strength if they move over land due to increased surface friction and loss of the warm ocean as an energy source .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	This is why coastal regions can receive significant damage from a tropical cyclone , while inland regions are relatively safe from receiving strong winds .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Heavy rains , however , can produce significant flooding inland , and storm surges can produce extensive coastal flooding up to from the coastline .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Although their effects on human populations can be devastating , tropical cyclones can relieve drought conditions .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	They also carry heat energy away from the tropics and transport it toward temperate latitudes , which makes them an important part of the global atmospheric circulation mechanism .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	As a result , tropical cyclones help to maintain equilibrium in the Earth 's troposphere , and to maintain a relatively stable and warm temperature worldwide .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Many tropical cyclones develop when the atmospheric conditions around a weak disturbance in the atmosphere are favorable .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	The background environment is modulated by climatological cycles and patterns such as the Madden-Julian oscillation , El Niño-Southern Oscillation , and the Atlantic multidecadal oscillation .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Others form when other types of cyclones acquire tropical characteristics .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	Tropical systems are then moved by steering winds in the troposphere ; if the conditions remain favorable , the tropical disturbance intensifies , and can even develop an eye .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	On the other end of the spectrum , if the conditions around the system deteriorate or the tropical cyclone makes landfall , the system weakens and eventually dissipates .	0
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named	It is not possible to artificially induce the dissipation of these systems with current technology .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	Kirk Douglas ( born Issur Danielovitch , ; December 9 , 1916 ) is an American stage and film actor , film producer and author .	1
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	His popular films include Out of the Past ( 1947 ) , Champion ( 1949 ) , Ace in the Hole ( 1951 ) , The Bad and the Beautiful ( 1952 ) , 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ( 1954 ) , Lust for Life ( 1956 ) , Paths of Glory ( 1957 ) , Gunfight at the O.K . Corral ( 1957 ) , The Vikings ( 1958 ) , Spartacus ( 1960 ) , Lonely Are the Brave ( 1962 ) , Seven Days in May ( 1964 ) , The Heroes of Telemark ( 1965 ) and Tough Guys ( 1986 ) .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	He is No.17 on the American Film Institute 's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time , making him the highest-ranked living person on the list .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	In 1996 , he received the Academy Honorary Award `` for 50 years as a creative and moral force in the motion picture community . ''	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	He is one of the last surviving actors from Hollywood 's `` golden age '' .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Robert Clark `` Bob '' Seger ( born May 6 , 1945 ) is an American rock and roll singer-songwriter , guitarist and pianist .	1
how old is the singer bob seger	As a locally successful Detroit-area artist , he performed and recorded as Bob Seger and the Last Heard and Bob Seger System throughout the 1960s .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	By the early 1970s , he had dropped the `` System '' from his recordings and continued to strive for broader success with other various bands .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	In 1973 , he put together The Silver Bullet Band , a group of Detroit-area musicians , with whom he became most successful on the national level with the album Live Bullet , recorded live with the Silver Bullet Band in 1975 at Cobo Hall in Detroit , Michigan .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	In 1976 , he achieved a national breakout with the studio album Night Moves .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	On his studio albums , he also worked extensively with the Alabama-based Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section , which appeared on several of Seger 's best-selling singles and albums .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	A roots rocker with a classic raspy , shouting voice , Seger wrote and recorded songs that dealt with love , women , blue-collar themes and was an exemplar of heartland rock .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Seger has recorded many hits , including `` Night Moves , '' `` Turn the Page , '' `` We 've Got Tonight , '' `` Against the Wind , '' and Shakedown that was written for Beverly Hills Cop II and `` Like a Rock , '' and also co-wrote the Eagles ' number-one hit `` Heartache Tonight . ''	0
how old is the singer bob seger	His iconic recording of `` Old Time Rock and Roll `` was named one of the Songs of the Century in 2001 .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	With a career spanning five decades , Seger continues to perform and record today .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Seger was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Richard Milhous Nixon ( January 9 , 1913 – April 22 , 1994 ) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974 , when he became the only president to resign the office .	1
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon had previously served as a Republican U.S. representative and senator from California and as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon was born in Yorba Linda , California .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He graduated from Whittier College in 1934 and Duke University School of Law in 1937 , returning to California to practice law .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He and his wife , Pat Nixon , moved to Washington to work for the federal government in 1942 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He subsequently served in the United States Navy during World War II .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon was elected in California to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	His pursuit of the Alger Hiss case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist , and elevated him to national prominence .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon served for eight years as vice president .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy , and lost a race for Governor of California in 1962 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	In 1968 , he ran again for the presidency and was elected .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Although Nixon initially escalated America 's involvement in the Vietnam War , he subsequently ended U.S. involvement in 1973 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon 's visit to the People 's Republic of China in 1972 opened diplomatic relations between the two nations , and he initiated détente and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union the same year .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Domestically , his administration generally embraced policies that transferred power from Washington to the states .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Among other things , he launched initiatives to fight cancer and illegal drugs , imposed wage and price controls , enforced desegregation of some Southern schools , and established the Environmental Protection Agency .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Though he presided over the lunar landings beginning with Apollo 11 , he scaled back manned space exploration .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He was re-elected by a landslide in 1972 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon 's second term saw an Arab oil embargo , the resignation of his vice president , Spiro Agnew , and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal and other misconduct by members of the administration .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	The scandal escalated , costing Nixon much of his political support , and on August 9 , 1974 , he resigned in the face of almost certain impeachment and removal from office .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	After his resignation , he controversially received a pardon issued by his successor , Gerald Ford .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	In retirement , Nixon 's work as an elder statesman , authoring several books and undertaking many foreign trips , helped to rehabilitate his public image .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18 , 1994 , and died four days later at the age of 81 .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	{ { Infobox Senator	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	The Dominican Republic annexation treaty caused bitter contention between President Grant and Sen. Sumner .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Brady 1869 ] ]	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Sen. Sumner , opposed to American imperialism in the Caribbean and fearful that annexation would lead to the conquest of the neighboring black republic of Haiti , became convinced that corruption lay behind the treaty , and that men close to the president shared in the corruption .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. Sumner initially withheld his opinion on the treaty on January 18 , 1870 .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Sen. Sumner had been leaked information from Assistant Secretary of State , Bancroft Davis , that U.S . Naval ships were being used to protect President Báez .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Sen. Sumner 's committee voted against annexation and at Sen. Sumner’s suggestion and quite possibly to save the party from an ugly fight or the president from embarrassment , the Senate held its debate of the treaty behind closed doors in executive session .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	President Grant persisted and sent messages to Congress in favor of annexation on March 14 , 1870 , and May 31 , 1870 .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	In closed session , Sen. Sumner spoke out against the treaty ; warnng that there would be difficulty with the foreign nationals , noting the chronic rebellion that took place on the island , and the risk that the independence of Haiti , recognized by the United States in 1862 , would be lost .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Sumner stated that Grant 's use of the U.S. Navy as a protectorate was a violation of International law and unconstitutional .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Finally , on June 30 , 1870 the treaty was voted on by the Senate and failed to gain the required 2/3 majority for treaty passage .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	The following day , President Grant , feeling betrayed by Sen. Sumner , retaliated by ordering the dismissal of Sumner’s close friend J. Lothrop Motley , Ambassador to Britain .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	By autumn , Sumner 's personal hostility to the president was public knowledge , and he blamed the Secretary of State for failing to have resigned , rather than let Grant have his way .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	The two men , friends until then , cooled into bitter enemies .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	In December , 1870 , still fearful that Grant meant to acquire Santo Domingo somehow , Sumner gave a fiercely critical speech accusing the president of usurpation and Babcock of unethical conduct .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Already , President Grant , supported by his Secretary of State Hamilton Fish , had initiated a campaign to depose Sumner from the chairmanship of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Although Sumner stated he was an `` Administration man '' , in addition to having stopped Grant 's Dominican Republic treaty attempt , Sumner had defeated Grant 's full repeal of the Tenure of Office Act , blocked Grant 's nomination of Alexander Stewart to U.S. Secretary of Treasury , and been a constant harassing force pushing Reconstruction policies faster than Grant had been willing to go .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Grant resented Sumner 's superiority of manner , as well .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	Told once that Sumner did not believe in the Bible , the president is supposed to have said that he was not surprised : `` he did n't write it . ''	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	As the rift between Grant and Sumner increased , Sumner’s health began to decline .	0
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war	When the 42nd U.S. Congress convened on March 4 , 1871 , Senators affiliated with President Grant , known as ‘’New Radicals’’ voted to oust Sen. Sumner from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairmanship .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Business ethics ( also corporate ethics ) is a form of applied ethics or professional ethics that examines ethical principles and moral or ethical problems that arise in a business environment .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	It applies to all aspects of business conduct and is relevant to the conduct of individuals and entire organizations .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Business ethics has both normative and descriptive dimensions .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	As a corporate practice and a career specialization , the field is primarily normative .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Academics attempting to understand business behavior employ descriptive methods .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	The range and quantity of business ethical issues reflects the interaction of profit-maximizing behavior with non-economic concerns .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Interest in business ethics accelerated dramatically during the 1980s and 1990s , both within major corporations and within academia .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	For example , today most major corporations promote their commitment to non-economic values under headings such as ethics codes and social responsibility charters .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Adam Smith said , `` People of the same trade seldom meet together , even for merriment and diversion , but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public , or in some contrivance to raise prices . ''	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Governments use laws and regulations to point business behavior in what they perceive to be beneficial directions .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	Ethics implicitly regulates areas and details of behavior that lie beyond governmental control .	0
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States	The emergence of large corporations with limited relationships and sensitivity to the communities in which they operate accelerated the development of formal ethics regimes .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	A burn is a type of injury to flesh or skin caused by heat , electricity , chemicals , friction , or radiation .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Most burns affect only the superficial skin ( known as superficial or first degree ) or extend into the deeper skin but do not involve the full thickness of the skin ( known as partial thickness or second degree ) .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Rarely all layers of the skin or deeper tissues , such as muscle or bone can be injured in which case the burn is either full thickness ( third degree ) or fourth degree .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	The treatment required depends on the severity of the burn .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Superficial burns maybe managed with little more than simple pain killers while major burns may require prolonged treatment in specialized burn centers .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Cooling with tap water may aid pain and decrease damage however if exposure is prolonged it may result in low body temperature .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Partial thickness burns may require cleaning with soap and water followed by dressings .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Blisters should typically be left unbroken .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Full thickness burns usually require surgical treatments such as skin grafting and extensive burns often require large amount of intravenous fluids .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	The most common complications of burns are related to infection .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	While large burns can be fatal , modern treatments developed in the last 50 years have significantly improved the outcomes , especially in children and young adults .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	Globally about 11 million people seek medical treatment and 300,000 people die from burns .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	In the United States , of those admitted to a burn center , approximately 4 % die from their injuries .	0
how bad burns go to burn center	The long term outcome is primarily related to the size of burn and the age of the person effected .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The Atlantic Ocean , not including Arctic and Antarctic regions	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	This video was taken by the crew of Expedition 29 on board the ISS .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The pass starts from just north-east of the Island of Newfoundland over the North Atlantic Ocean to central Africa , over South Sudan .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The Atlantic Ocean is the second-largest of the world 's oceanic divisions .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	With a total area of about , it covers approximately 20 percent of the Earth 's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The first part of its name refers to Atlas of Greek mythology , making the Atlantic the `` Sea of Atlas '' .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The oldest known mention of `` Atlantic '' is in The Histories of Herodotus around 450 BC ( Hdt . 1.202.4 ) : Atlantis thalassa ( Greek : Ἀτλαντὶς θάλασσα ; English : Sea of Atlas ) .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The term Ethiopic Ocean , derived from Ethiopia , was applied to the southern Atlantic as late as the mid-19th century .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	Before Europeans discovered other oceans , the term `` ocean '' itself was synonymous with the waters beyond the Strait of Gibraltar that we now know as the Atlantic .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The early Greeks believed this ocean to be a gigantic river encircling the world .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The Atlantic Ocean occupies an elongated , S-shaped basin extending longitudinally between Eurasia and Africa to the east , and the Americas to the west .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	As one component of the interconnected global ocean , it is connected in the north to the Arctic Ocean ( which is sometimes considered a sea of the Atlantic ) , to the Pacific Ocean in the southwest , the Indian Ocean in the southeast , and the Southern Ocean in the south .	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	( Other definitions describe the Atlantic as extending southward to Antarctica . )	0
how deep is the atlantic ocean	The equator subdivides it into the North Atlantic Ocean and South Atlantic Ocean .	0
how are storm names determined ?	Due to their long-term persistence , and the need for a unique identifier in issuing forecasts and warnings , tropical cyclones and subtropical cyclones are given names according to policy ( see Tropical cyclone naming ) .	0
how are storm names determined ?	The following are lists from which these tropical and subtropical cyclone names are derived .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	White light is dispersed by a prism into the colors of the optical spectrum .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	The visible spectrum is the portion of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to ( can be detected by ) the human eye .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Electromagnetic radiation in this range of wavelengths is called visible light or simply light .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	A typical human eye will respond to wavelengths from about 390 to 700 nm .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	In terms of frequency , this corresponds to a band in the vicinity of 430–790 THz .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	A light-adapted eye generally has its maximum sensitivity at around 555 nm ( 540 THz ) , in the green region of the optical spectrum ( see : luminosity function ) .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	The spectrum does not , however , contain all the colors that the human eyes and brain can distinguish .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Unsaturated colors such as pink , or purple variations such as magenta , are absent , for example , because they can be made only by a mix of multiple wavelengths .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Colors containing only one wavelength are also called pure colors .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Visible wavelengths pass through the `` optical window `` , the region of the electromagnetic spectrum which allows wavelengths to pass largely unattenuated through the Earth 's atmosphere .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	An example of this phenomenon is that clean air scatters blue light more than red wavelengths , and so the midday sky appears blue .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	The optical window is also called the visible window because it overlaps the human visible response spectrum .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	The near infrared ( NIR ) window lies just out of the human vision , as well as the Medium Wavelength IR ( MWIR ) window and the Long Wavelength or Far Infrared ( LWIR or FIR ) window though other animals may experience them .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Many species can see light with frequencies outside the `` visible spectrum , '' which is defined in terms of human vision .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Bees and many other insects can detect ultraviolet light , which helps them find nectar in flowers .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Plant species that depend on insect pollination may owe reproductive success to their appearance in ultraviolet light , rather than how colorful they appear to humans .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Birds , too , can see into the ultraviolet ( 300–400 nm ) , and some have sex-dependent markings on their plumage that are visible only in the ultraviolet range .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Many animals that can see into the ultraviolet range , however , can not see red light or any other reddish wavelengths .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Bees ' visible spectrum ends at about 590nm , just before the orange wavelengths start .	0
how big or small a visible light can get	Birds , however , can see some red wavelengths , but not as many as humans .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	Zebras ( or ) are several species of African equids ( horse family ) united by their distinctive black and white stripes .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	Their stripes come in different patterns , unique to each individual .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	They are generally social animals that live in small harems to large herds .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	Unlike their closest relatives , horses and asses , zebras have never been truly domesticated .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	There are three species of zebras : the plains zebra , the Grévy 's zebra and the mountain zebra .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	The plains zebra and the mountain zebra belong to the subgenus Hippotigris , but Grévy 's zebra is the sole species of subgenus Dolichohippus .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	The latter resembles an ass , to which it is closely related , while the former two are more horse-like .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	All three belong to the genus Equus , along with other living equids .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	The unique stripes of zebras make them one of the animals most familiar to people .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	They occur in a variety of habitats , such as grasslands , savannas , woodlands , thorny scrublands , mountains , and coastal hills .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	However , various anthropogenic factors have had a severe impact on zebra populations , in particular hunting for skins and habitat destruction .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	Grévy 's zebra and the mountain zebra are endangered .	0
how big are baby zebras when born	While plains zebras are much more plentiful , one subspecies , the quagga , became extinct in the late 19th century – though there is currently a plan , called the Quagga Project , that aims to breed zebras that are phenotypically similar to the quagga in a process called breeding back .	0
How did Barry White die ?	Barry White , born Barry Eugene Carter ( – ) , was an American composer and singer-songwriter .	0
How did Barry White die ?	A two-time Grammy Award -winner known for his distinctive bass voice and romantic image , White 's greatest success came in the 1970s as a solo singer and with the Love Unlimited Orchestra , crafting many enduring soul , funk , and disco songs such as his two biggest hits , `` You 're the First , the Last , My Everything `` and `` Ca n't Get Enough of Your Love , Babe . ''	0
How did Barry White die ?	Along with Isaac Hayes , White is considered by Allmusic.com as a pioneer of disco music in the early 1970s .	0
How did Barry White die ?	During the course of his career in the music business , White achieved 106 gold albums worldwide , 41 of which also attained platinum status .	0
How did Barry White die ?	White had 20 gold and 10 platinum singles , with worldwide sales in excess of 100 million , according to critics Ed Hogan and Wade Kergan .	0
How did Barry White die ?	His influences included Rev . James Cleveland , Ray Charles , Aretha Franklin plus Motown artists The Supremes , The Four Tops and Marvin Gaye .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Angelina Jolie ( , born Angelina Jolie Voight ; June 4 , 1975 ) is an American actress , film director , and screenwriter .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	She has received an Academy Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , and three Golden Globe Awards , and was named Hollywood 's highest-paid actress by Forbes in 2009 and 2011 .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Jolie promotes humanitarian causes , and is noted for her work with refugees as a Special Envoy and former Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	She has often been cited as the world 's `` most beautiful '' woman , a title for which she has received substantial media attention .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father Jon Voight in Lookin ' to Get Out ( 1982 ) , but her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production Cyborg 2 ( 1993 ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Her first leading role in a major film was in the cyber-thriller Hackers ( 1995 ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical television films George Wallace ( 1997 ) and Gia ( 1998 ) , and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl , Interrupted ( 1999 ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Jolie achieved wide fame after her portrayal of video game heroine Lara Croft in Lara Croft : Tomb Raider ( 2001 ) , and established herself among the highest-paid actresses in Hollywood with the sequel The Cradle of Life ( 2003 ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	She continued her action star career with Mr. & Mrs. Smith ( 2005 ) and Wanted ( 2008 ) —her biggest non-animated commercial successes to date—and received further critical acclaim for her performances in the dramas A Mighty Heart ( 2007 ) and Changeling ( 2008 ) , which earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Jolie made her directorial debut with the wartime drama In the Land of Blood and Honey ( 2011 ) .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , Jolie now lives with actor Brad Pitt , in a relationship notable for fervent media attention .	0
how did angelina jolie get her name ?	Jolie and Pitt have three biological children and three adopted children .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	A natural arch produced by the erosion of differentially weathered rock in Jebel Kharaz , Jordan	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	Erosion is the process by which soil and rock are removed from the Earth 's surface by exogenetic processes such as wind or water flow , and then transported and deposited in other locations .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	While erosion is a natural process , human activities have increased by 10-40 times the rate at which erosion is occurring globally .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	Excessive erosion causes problems such as desertification , decreases in agricultural productivity due to land degradation , sedimentation of waterways , and ecological collapse due to loss of the nutrient rich upper soil layers .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	Water and wind erosion are now the two primary causes of land degradation ; combined , they are responsible for 84 % of degraded acreage , making excessive erosion one of the most significant global environmental problems .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	Industrial agriculture , deforestation , roads , anthropogenic climate change and urban sprawl are amongst the most significant human activities in regard to their effect on stimulating erosion .	0
how can plant gases slow erosion	However , there are many available alternative land use practices that can curtail or limit erosion , such as terrace -building , no-till agriculture , and revegetation of denuded soils .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	Jersey Shore is an American reality television series which ran on MTV from December 3 , 2009 to December 20 , 2012 in the United States .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The series follows the lives of eight housemates spending their summer at the Jersey Shore in the U.S. state of New Jersey .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	Season 2 followed the cast escaping the cold northeast winter to Miami Beach , with Season 3 returning to the Jersey Shore .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The fourth season , filmed in Italy , premiered on August 4 , 2011 .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The show returned for a fifth season , at Seaside Heights on January 5 , 2012 .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The fifth season finale aired on March 15 , 2012 .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	On March 19 , 2012 , MTV confirmed that the series would return for their sixth season .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	On August 30 , 2012 , MTV announced that the series will end after the sixth season , which premiered on October 4 .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The series finale aired on December 20 , 2012 .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The show debuted amid large amounts of controversy regarding the use of the words `` Guido / Guidette , '' portrayals of Italian-American stereotypes , and scrutiny from locals because the cast members were not residents of the area .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The series garnered record ratings for MTV , making it the network 's most viewed series telecast ever .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The series ' cast have also been credited with introducing unique lexicon and phrases into American popular culture .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The University of Chicago and the University of Oklahoma are among the educational institutions that have had classes or conferences about the show .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	In 2010 , the cast of Jersey Shore was named on Barbara Walters ' 10 Most Fascinating People list , and the series has since been exported to dozens of countries worldwide .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	There are several remakes of the show in other countries , with two set in the United Kingdom ; the well known Geordie Shore , set in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The other is The Valleys , the Welsh equivalent , which is filmed and set in Cardiff .	0
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?	The only other official remake of the show is Gandía Shore , set in Gandía , Spain .	0
how can a territory become a state	right	0
how can a territory become a state	United States territory is any extent of region under the jurisdiction of the federal government of the United States , including all waters ( around islands or continental tracts ) and all U.S . Naval vessels .	0
how can a territory become a state	The United States has traditionally proclaimed the sovereign rights for exploring , exploiting , conserving , and managing its territory .	0
how can a territory become a state	This extent of territory is all the area belonging to , and under the dominion of , the United States federal government ( which includes tracts lying at a distance from the country ) for administrative and other purposes .	0
how can a territory become a state	The United States total territory includes a subset of political divisions .	0
how can a territory become a state	The U.S. government is a government with delegated powers under the United States Constitution .	0
how can a territory become a state	`` The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people '' by the Tenth Amendment .	0
how old was arnold in terminator 3	Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines ( commonly abbreviated as T3 ) is a 2003 science fiction action film directed by Jonathan Mostow and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger , Nick Stahl , Claire Danes and Kristanna Loken .	0
how old was arnold in terminator 3	It is the second sequel to The Terminator ( 1984 ) .	0
how old was arnold in terminator 3	After Skynet fails to kill Sarah Connor before her son is born and to kill John himself as a child , it sends back another Terminator , the T-X , in an attempt to wipe out as many Resistance officers as possible .	0
how old was arnold in terminator 3	This includes John 's future wife , but not John himself as his whereabouts are unknown to Skynet .	0
how old was arnold in terminator 3	John 's life is placed in danger when the T-X accidentally finds him .	0
how much is a cord of wood	A cord of wood	0
how much is a cord of wood	The cord is a unit of measure of dry volume used in Canada and the United States to measure firewood and pulpwood .	0
how much is a cord of wood	A cord is the amount of wood that , when `` ranked and well stowed '' ( arranged so pieces are aligned , parallel , touching and compact ) , occupies a volume of .	0
how much is a cord of wood	This corresponds to a well stacked woodpile high , long , and deep ; or any other arrangement of linear measurements that yields the same volume .	0
how much is a cord of wood	The name cord probably comes from the use of a cord or string to measure it .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	The , is an 8-bit handheld video game device developed and manufactured by Nintendo .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	It was released in Japan on , in North America in , and in Europe on .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line , and was created by Gunpei Yokoi and Nintendo Research & Development 1 —the same staff who had designed the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 , in the form of Game Boy Pocket , and Game Boy Light ( Japan only ) , respectively .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	The Game Boy is Nintendo 's second handheld system following the Game & Watch series introduced in , and it combined features from both the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game & Watch .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	It was originally bundled with the puzzle game Tetris .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	As part of the fourth generation of gaming , the Game Boy competed with the Sega Game Gear , Atari Lynx , and the TurboExpress .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	Despite these other technologically superior handheld consoles , the Game Boy was a tremendous success .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	The Game Boy and its successor , the Game Boy Color , have both combined sold 118.69 million units worldwide .	0
how much was game boy color when it came out	Upon its release in the United States , it sold its entire shipment of one million units within weeks .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The World Trade Center is a complex of buildings under construction in Lower Manhattan , New York City , United States , replacing an earlier complex of seven buildings with the same name on the same site .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The original World Trade Center featured landmark twin towers , which opened on April 4 , 1973 and were destroyed in the September 11 attacks of 2001 , along with 7 World Trade Center .	1
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The other buildings in the complex were damaged in the attacks , and their ruins were eventually demolished .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The site is being rebuilt with five new skyscrapers and a memorial to those killed in the attacks .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	, only one skyscraper has been completed ; the other four are expected to be completed before 2020 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	One World Trade Center will be the lead building for the new complex , reaching more than 100 stories at its completion .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	It became the tallest building in New York City on April 30 , 2012 , and is expected to be finished by 2013 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	A sixth tower is awaiting confirmation .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	At the time of their completion , the original 1 World Trade Center ( the North Tower ) and 2 World Trade Center ( the South Tower ) , known collectively as the `` Twin Towers '' , were the tallest buildings in the world .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The other buildings included 3 WTC ( the Marriott World Trade Center ) , 4 WTC , 5 WTC , 6 WTC , and 7 WTC .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	All of these buildings were built between 1975 and 1985 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The cost for the construction was $ 400 million ( $ in dollars ) .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The complex was located in the heart of New York City 's downtown financial district and contained 13.4 million square feet ( 1.24 million m2 ) of office space .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The World Trade Center experienced a fire on , 1975 , a bombing on , 1993 and a robbery on , 1998 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	In 1998 , the Port Authority decided to privatize the World Trade Center , leasing the buildings to a private company to manage , and awarded the lease to Silverstein Properties in .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	On the morning of September 11 , 2001 , Al-Qaeda -affiliated hijackers flew two Boeing 767 jets into the complex , one into each tower , in a coordinated terrorist attack .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	After burning for 56 minutes , the South Tower ( 2 ) collapsed , followed a half-hour later by the North Tower ( 1 ) , with the attacks on the World Trade Center resulting in 2,753 deaths .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Falling debris from the towers , combined with fires that the debris initiated in several surrounding buildings , led to the partial or complete collapse of all the other buildings in the complex and caused catastrophic damage to ten other large structures in the surrounding area .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The process of cleanup and recovery at the World Trade Center site took eight months .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Over the following years , plans for a rebuilt World Trade Center took form .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The first new building at the site was 7 World Trade Center , which opened in .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation ( LMDC ) , established in to oversee the rebuilding process , organized competitions to select a site plan and memorial design .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Memory Foundations , designed by Daniel Libeskind , was selected as the master plan , but this went through substantial changes in design .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The new World Trade Center complex will include One World Trade Center , three other high-rise office towers , and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum .	0
how are transverse ranges formed	San Gabriel Mountains	0
how are transverse ranges formed	San Bernardino Mountains , with Mt . San Gorgonio in the foreground and Big Bear Lake in the background .	0
how are transverse ranges formed	The Transverse Ranges are a group of mountain ranges of southern California , in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region in North America .	0
how are transverse ranges formed	The Transverse Ranges begin at the southern end of the California Coast Ranges and lie between Santa Barbara and San Diego counties .	0
how are transverse ranges formed	They derive the name Transverse Ranges due to their East-West orientation , making them transverse to the general North-South orientation of most of California 's coastal mountains .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Periodic table with electron shells	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	An electron shell may be thought of as an orbit followed by electrons around an atom 's nucleus .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The closest shell to the nucleus is called the `` 1 shell '' ( also called `` K shell '' ) , followed by the `` 2 shell '' ( or `` L shell '' ) , then the `` 3 shell '' ( or `` M shell '' ) , and so on farther and farther from the nucleus .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The shell letters K , L , M , ... , used in the X-ray notation , are alphabetical .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons : The 1st shell can hold up to two electrons , the 2nd shell can hold up to eight electrons , the 3rd shell can hold up to 18 , and 4th shell can hold up to 32 and so on .	1
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Since electrons are electrically attracted to the nucleus , an atom 's electrons will generally occupy outer shells only if the more inner shells have already been completely filled by other electrons .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	However , this is not a strict requirement : Atoms may have two or even three incomplete outer shells .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	( See Madelung rule for more details . )	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	For an explanation of why electrons exist in these shells see electron configuration .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The electrons in the outermost occupied shell ( or shells ) determine the chemical properties of the atom ; it is called the valence shell .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Each shell consists of one or more subshells , and each subshell consists of one or more atomic orbitals .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Vickie Lynn Marshall ( née Hogan ; November 28 , 1967 – February 8 , 2007 ) , known by her moniker Anna Nicole Smith , was an American model , actress , and television personality .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Smith first gained popularity in Playboy , becoming the 1993 Playmate of the Year .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	She modeled for clothing companies , including Guess jeans and Lane Bryant .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Smith dropped out of high school and was married in 1985 .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Her highly publicized second marriage to oil business mogul , J. Howard Marshall , 62 years her senior , resulted in speculation that she married the octogenarian for his money , which she denied .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Following Marshall 's death , Smith began a lengthy legal battle over a share of his estate .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Her case , Marshall v. Marshall , reached the U.S. Supreme Court on a question of federal jurisdiction , and again on a question of bankruptcy court authority ( now called Stern v. Marshall ) .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Smith died on February 8 , 2007 in a Hollywood , Florida hotel room as a result of an overdose of prescription drugs .	0
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband	Within the final six months of her life , Smith was the focus of a renewed press coverage surrounding the death of her son , Daniel , and the paternity and custody battle over her newborn daughter , Dannielynn .	0
how much is a yen coin	The is one denomination of Japanese yen .	0
how much is a yen coin	The current design was first minted in 1959 using Japanese characters known as the `` new script `` , and were also minted from 1949-1958 using `` old-script '' Japanese characters .	0
how much is a yen coin	Five-yen coins date to 1870 ( when , due to the much higher value of the yen , they were minted in gold ) .	0
how much is a yen coin	The front of the coin depicts a rice plant growing out of the water , with `` five yen '' written in kanji ; the back is stamped with `` Japan '' and the year of issue , also in kanji , separated by sprouts of a tree .	0
how much is a yen coin	The three graphic elements of the coin represent agriculture and fisheries , the key elements of the Japanese first-sector economy .	0
how much is a yen coin	Around a hole , there is a gear that represents industry .	0
how much is a yen coin	It is the only Japanese coin in circulation to lack Arabic numerals on either face .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	TLC is an American girl group whose repertoire spanned R & B , hip hop , soul , funk , and new jack swing .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Originally consisting of singer Tionne `` T-Boz '' Watkins , rapper Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes and singer Rozonda `` Chilli '' Thomas , the group found unprecedented success in the 1990s while also enduring a series of spats with the law , each other , and the group 's record label .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Initially , TLC achieved commercial success following the release of their debut album Ooooooohhh ...	0
how tall are the members of tlc	On the TLC Tip , which sold 6 million copies worldwide .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	However , it was their second album , CrazySexyCool , that catapulted the group to superstar status .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	CrazySexyCool went on to be certified diamond by the RIAA — a first for a female group , and eventually sold 23 million copies worldwide .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Five years later , the group released their third album FanMail , which became the group 's first album to debut at number one and sold more than 11 million copies worldwide .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	The subsequent tour following FanMails release became the highest grossing tour of all time by a female band .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	In 2002 , Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes died in a car accident in Honduras .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Seven months later , T-Boz and Chilli released the group 's fourth album 3D , which sold 2 million copies worldwide , it featured unreleased vocals from Left Eye .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Billboard magazine ranked TLC as one of the greatest musical trios .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	Between 1992 and 2003 , the band accumulated ten top ten singles , four number one singles , four multi-platinum albums , and four Grammy Awards .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	At the end of 1999 , TLC was ranked as the seventh most successful act of the 1990s by Billboard .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	In 2008 , the group was inducted into the All Time Hot 100 Artist Hall of Fame by the same magazine , at 56th place .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	That year it was also listed as the # 25 R & B/hip-hop artist of the preceding 25 years .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	TLC has sold more than 65 million records worldwide and they are ranked as the second best selling female group of all time , and the best selling female R & B group of all time .	0
how tall are the members of tlc	In 2012 , TLC ranked 12th on VH1 's 100 Greatest Women in Music , being ranked the number one all girl group on that list .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	Tarzan is a 1999 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	The 37th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , it is based on the story Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs , and is the only major motion picture version of the story Tarzan property to be animated .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	Directed by Chris Buck and Kevin Lima with a screenplay by Tab Murphy , Bob Tzudiker , and Noni White , Tarzan features the voices of Tony Goldwyn , Minnie Driver , Glenn Close , and Rosie O'Donnell with Brian Blessed , Lance Henriksen , Wayne Knight , and Nigel Hawthorne .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	It was the last bona fide hit before the Disney slump of the early 2000s grossing $ 171,091,819 domestically and $ 448,191,819 worldwide , outgrossing its predecessors Hercules ( 1997 ) and Mulan ( 1998 ) .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	At the time of its release , its production budget of $ 130 million made it the most expensive animated film ever made , until topped by Disney 's own $ 140 million Treasure Planet in 2002 .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	It was also the first Disney animated feature to open at # 1 since Pocahontas .	0
how long is the tarzan movie	This was the last major box office success of the Disney Renaissance .	0
how an oil rig works	Oil Platform P-51 off the Brazilian coast is a semi-submersible platform .	0
how an oil rig works	Oil platform Mittelplate in the North sea	0
how an oil rig works	An oil platform , ( offshore platform or colloquially oil rig ) is a large structure with facilities to drill wells , to extract and process oil and natural gas , and to temporarily store product until it can be brought to shore for refining and marketing .	0
how an oil rig works	In many cases , the platform contains facilities to house the workforce as well .	0
how an oil rig works	Depending on the circumstances , the platform may be fixed to the ocean floor , may consist of an artificial island , or may float .	0
how an oil rig works	Remote subsea wells may also be connected to a platform by flow lines and by umbilical connections .	0
how an oil rig works	These subsea solutions may consist of one or more subsea wells , or of one or more manifold centres for multiple wells .	0
how are sheep slaughtered	Slaughter is the killing of animals , usually that of domestic livestock for food .	0
how are sheep slaughtered	The animals most commonly slaughtered for food are cattle , water buffalo ( for beef and veal ) , sheep , goats ( for lamb and mutton ) , pigs ( for pork ) , horses ( for horse meat ) , and fowl , largely chickens , turkeys , and ducks and increasingly fish from the aquaculture industry ( fish farming ) .	0
how many presidents of the us	The White House , the president 's official residence and center of the administration	0
how many presidents of the us	Under the United States Constitution , the President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States .	0
how many presidents of the us	As chief of the executive branch and head of the federal government as a whole , the presidency is the highest political office in the United States by influence and recognition .	0
how many presidents of the us	The president is also the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces .	0
how many presidents of the us	The president is indirectly elected to a four-year term by an Electoral College ( or by the House of Representatives should the Electoral College fail to award an absolute majority of votes to any person ) .	0
how many presidents of the us	Since the ratification of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1951 , no person may be elected President more than twice , and no one who has served more than two years of a term to which someone else was elected may be elected more than once .	0
how many presidents of the us	Upon the death , resignation , or removal from office of an incumbent President , the Vice President assumes the office .	0
how many presidents of the us	The President must be at least 35 years of age and a `` natural born '' citizen of the United States .	0
how many presidents of the us	This list includes only those persons who were sworn into office as president following the ratification of the United States Constitution , which took effect on March 4 , 1789 .	0
how many presidents of the us	For American leaders before this ratification , see President of the Continental Congress .	0
how many presidents of the us	The list does not include any Acting Presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution .	0
how many presidents of the us	There have been 43 people sworn into office , and 44 presidencies , as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president .	1
how many presidents of the us	Of the individuals elected as president , four died in office of natural causes ( William Henry Harrison , Zachary Taylor , Warren G. Harding , and Franklin D. Roosevelt ) , four were assassinated ( Abraham Lincoln , James A. Garfield , William McKinley , and John F. Kennedy ) and one resigned ( Richard Nixon ) .	0
how many presidents of the us	George Washington , the first president , was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous vote of the Electoral College .	0
how many presidents of the us	William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office with 32 days in 1841 , and Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest with over twelve years , but died shortly into his fourth term in 1945 .	0
how many presidents of the us	He is the only president to serve more than two terms , and a constitutional amendment , affecting presidents after Harry Truman , was passed to limit the number of times an individual can be elected president .	0
how many presidents of the us	Andrew Jackson , the seventh president , was the first to be elected by men of all classes in 1828 after most laws barring non-land-owners from voting were repealed .	0
how many presidents of the us	Warren Harding was the first elected after women gained voting rights in 1920 .	0
how many presidents of the us	History records four presidents – John Q Adams , Rutherford B. Hayes , Benjamin Harrison and George W. Bush – who lost the popular vote but assumed office .	0
how many presidents of the us	John F. Kennedy has been the only president of Roman Catholic faith , and the current president , Barack Obama , is the first president of African descent .	0
how a silencer works	Several firearms with detachable suppressors , from top to bottom : An Uzi , An AR-15 , A Heckler & Koch USP Tactical , A Beretta 92FS , and a SIG Mosquito .	0
how a silencer works	Bolt action rimfire rifle with suppressor	0
how a silencer works	AWM-F sniper rifle with attached suppressor .	0
how a silencer works	A suppressor , sound suppressor , or sound moderator , is a device attached to or part of the barrel of a firearm which reduces the amount of noise , and usually the amount of muzzle flash , generated by firing the weapon .	0
how a silencer works	A suppressor can be used both with a firearm and with compressed air gun .	0
how a silencer works	Though it is sometimes referred to as a silencer , this term is a misnomer popularized by cinematic fiction : the sound of a projectile , especially one moving faster than the speed of sound , through the air can not be eliminated .	0
how a silencer works	Using a suppressor in long distance shooting ( i.e . greater than 300 meters ) can lessen , or retard , the report at the moment of impact , and create the impression of silence near the target .	0
how a silencer works	The noise heard near the muzzle as a projectile leaves the barrel , though subdued , is not silent at all .	0
how a silencer works	A suppressor is usually a metal cylinder with internal mechanisms to reduce the sound of firing by slowing the escaping propellant gas and sometimes by reducing the velocity of the bullet .	0
how a silencer works	Early suppressors were created around the beginning of the 20th century by several inventors .	0
how a silencer works	American inventor Hiram Percy Maxim ( not to be confused with Hiram Stevens Maxim , Hiram Percy 's father , and the inventor of the Maxim Machine Gun ) , is credited with inventing and selling the first commercially successful models circa 1902 ( patented 30 March 1909 ) .	0
how a silencer works	Maxim gave his device the trademarked name Maxim Silencer .	0
how a silencer works	The muffler for internal combustion engines was developed in parallel with the firearm suppressor by Maxim in the early 20th century , using many of the same techniques to provide quieter-running engines ( in many European countries automobile mufflers are still called silencers ) .	0
how a silencer works	The word silencer in reference to gun suppressor remains in widespread use , although it has since fallen out of favor with some , especially among the firearms industry , being replaced with the more literally accurate term sound suppressor or just suppressor , because a `` sound suppressor '' does not `` silence '' any weapon , rather it eliminates muzzle flash and reduces the sonic pressure of a firearm discharging .	0
how a silencer works	Common usage and U.S. legislative language favor the historically earlier term , silencer .	0
how a silencer works	In U.S. law , the terms `` firearm muffler '' and `` firearm silencer '' are synonymous .	0
how a silencer works	Suppressors were regularly used by agents of the United States Office of Strategic Services , who favored the newly designed High Standard HDM .22 Long Rifle pistol during World War II .	0
how a silencer works	OSS Director William Joseph `` Wild Bill '' Donovan demonstrated the pistol for President Franklin D. Roosevelt at the White House .	0
how a silencer works	According to OSS research chief Stanley Lovell , Donovan ( an old and trusted friend of the President ) was waved into the Oval Office , where Roosevelt was dictating a letter .	0
how a silencer works	While Roosevelt finished his message , Donovan turned his back and fired ten shots into a sandbag he had brought with him , announced what he had done and handed the smoking gun to the astonished president .	0
how a silencer works	The British SOE ( Special Operations Executive ) Welrod assassination pistol with an integral suppressor was also used by the American OSS on clandestine operations in Nazi occupied Europe during the Second World War .	0
how old is beatrice author	Beatrice `` Bea '' Arthur ( May 13 , 1922 – April 25 , 2009 ) was an American actress , comedienne , and singer whose career spanned seven decades .	1
how old is beatrice author	Arthur achieved fame as the character Maude Findlay on the 1970s sitcoms All in the Family and Maude , and as Dorothy Zbornak on the 1980s sitcom The Golden Girls , winning Emmy Awards for both roles .	0
how old is beatrice author	A stage actress both before and after her television success , she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance as Vera Charles in the original cast of Mame ( 1966 ) .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	is a 2011 Japanese 3D computer-animated film based on the Tekken video game series , produced by Digital Frontier and distributed by Asmik Ace Entertainment in association with Bandai Entertainment .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	The film premiered in North America by Bandai Entertainment on July 26 , 2011 , and in Australia on July 27 , 2011 in a special exclusive one-off screening .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	It was released on September 3 , 2011 in Japan .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	The film was released on Blu-ray Disc on November 22 , 2011 for USA , and December 1 , 2011 for Japan .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	This film was also released on DVD on November 22 , 2011 ( 2D Version only ) .	0
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie	The film was additionally included with the PlayStation 3 game , Tekken Hybrid , and the Nintendo 3DS title , Tekken 3D : Prime Edition .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	For a discussion of nonprofit , voluntary neighborhood advocacy groups , see neighborhood association .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	In the United States , a homeowner association is a corporation formed by a real estate developer for the purpose of marketing , managing , and selling of homes and lots in a residential subdivision .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	It grants the developer privileged voting rights in governing the association , while allowing the developer to exit financial and legal responsibility of the organization , typically by transferring ownership of the association to the homeowners after selling off a predetermined number of lots .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	Membership in the homeowners association by a residential buyer is typically a condition of purchase ; a buyer is n't given an option to reject it .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	Most homeowner associations are incorporated , and are subject to state statutes that govern non-profit corporations and homeowner associations .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	State oversight of homeowner associations is minimal , and mainly takes the form of laws which are inconsistent from state to state .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	Some states , such as Florida and California , have a large body of homeowner association law , and some states , such as Massachusetts , have virtually no homeowner association law .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	The fastest growing form of housing in the United States today is common-interest developments ( CIDs ) , a category that includes planned-unit developments of single-family homes , condominiums , and cooperative apartments .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	Since 1964 , homeowner associations have become increasingly common in the USA .	0
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property	The Community Associations Institute trade association estimated that HOAs governed 24.8 million American homes and 62 million residents in 2010 .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	A prize-winning lilac-and-white Silkie	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	There are many breeds of Guinea pig which have been developed since its domestication ca . 5000 BC .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Breeds vary widely in appearance and purpose , ranging from show breeds with long , flowing hair to those in use as model organisms by science .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	From ca . 1200 AD to the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire in 1532 , selective breeding by indigenous South American peoples resulted in many varieties of domestic Guinea pigs , which form the basis for some of the modern domestic breeds .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Early Andean breeds were primarily kept as agricultural stock for food , and efforts at improving the Guinea pig as a food source continue to the modern era .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	With the export of Guinea pigs to Europe in the 15th century , the goal in breeding shifted to focus on the development of appealing pets .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	To this end , various competitive breeding organizations were founded by fanciers .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	The American Cavy Breeders Association , an adjunct to the American Rabbit Breeders Association , is the governing body in the United States and Canada .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	The British Cavy Council governs cavy clubs in the United Kingdom .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Similar organizations exist in Australia ( Australian National Cavy Council ) and New Zealand ( New Zealand Cavy Club ) .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Each club publishes its own Standard of Perfection and determines which breeds are eligible for showing .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	New breeds continue to emerge in the 21st century .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Though there are many breeds of Guinea pig , only a few breeds are commonly found on the show table as pets .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Most Guinea pigs found as pets were either found undesirable by breeders or were bred to be pleasant pets regardless of how well they meet the breed standard of perfection .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	The short hair , Abyssinian , Peruvian and Sheltie ( aka Silkie ) breeds are those most frequently seen as pets , and the former three are the core breeds in the history of the competitive showing of Guinea pigs .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	In addition to their standard form , nearly all breeds come in a Satin variant .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Satins , due to their hollow hair shafts , possess coats of a special gloss and shine .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	However , there is growing evidence that the genes responsible for the Satin coat also can cause severe bone problems , including Osteodystrophy and Paget 's disease .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Showing Satin variations is prohibited by some cavy breeders ' associations because of animal welfare reasons .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	All cavy breeds have some shared general standards : the head profile should be rounded , with large eyes and large , smooth ears .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	The body should be strong and of compact build .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	Coat colour should in all variations be clearly defined and thorough from root to tip .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	These standards are best met by long established , commonly bred breeds , as their breeders have had enough time and animals to effectively breed for these qualities .	0
how big can texel guinea pigs become	The coat colour ideal of good definition and thoroughness is rarely met by other than the smooth coated breeds , which have had well established , separate breeding lines for different colours .	0
how are public schools funded	State schools ( also known as public schools or government schools ) generally refer to primary or secondary schools mandated for or offered to all children without charge paid for , in whole or in part , by taxation .	1
how are public schools funded	The term may also refer to institutions of post-secondary education funded , in whole or in part , and overseen by government .	1
how are ribosomes made	The ribosome assembles polymeric protein molecules whose sequence is controlled by the sequence of messenger RNA molecules .	0
how are ribosomes made	This is required by all living cells and associated viruses .	0
how are ribosomes made	The ribosome ( from ribonucleic acid and the Greek soma , meaning `` body '' ) is a large and complex molecular machine , found within all living cells , that serves as the primary site of biological protein synthesis ( translation ) .	0
how are ribosomes made	Ribosomes link amino acids together in the order specified by messenger RNA ( mRNA ) molecules .	0
how are ribosomes made	Ribosomes consist of two major subunits—the small ribosomal subunit reads the mRNA , while the large subunit joins amino acids to form a polypeptide chain .	0
how are ribosomes made	Each subunit is composed of one or more ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) molecules and a variety of proteins .	0
how are ribosomes made	The sequence of DNA encoding for a protein may be copied many times into messenger RNA ( mRNA ) chains of a similar sequence .	0
how are ribosomes made	Ribosomes can bind to an mRNA chain and use it as a template for determining the correct sequence of amino acids in a particular protein .	0
how are ribosomes made	Amino acids are selected , collected and carried to the ribosome by transfer RNA ( tRNA molecules ) , which enter one part of the ribosome and bind to the messenger RNA chain .	0
how are ribosomes made	The attached amino acids are then linked together by another part of the ribosome .	0
how are ribosomes made	Once the protein is produced , it can then 'fold ' to produce a specific functional three-dimensional structure .	0
how are ribosomes made	A ribosome is made from complexes of RNAs and proteins and is therefore a ribonucleoprotein .	0
how are ribosomes made	Each ribosome is divided into two subunits : the smaller subunit binds to the mRNA pattern , while the larger subunit binds to the tRNA and the amino acids .	0
how are ribosomes made	When a ribosome finishes reading an mRNA molecule , these two subunits split apart .	0
how are ribosomes made	Ribosomes are ribozymes , because the catalytic peptidyl transferase activity that links amino acids together is performed by the ribosomal RNA .	0
how are ribosomes made	Ribosomes from bacteria , archaea and eukaryotes ( the three domains of life on Earth ) differ in their size , sequence , structure , and the ratio of protein to RNA .	0
how are ribosomes made	The differences in structure allow some antibiotics to kill bacteria by inhibiting their ribosomes , while leaving human ribosomes unaffected .	0
how are ribosomes made	In bacteria and archaea , more than one ribosome may move along a single mRNA chain at one time , each `` reading '' its sequence and producing a corresponding protein molecule .	0
how are ribosomes made	The ribosomes in the mitochondria of eukaryotic cells functionally resemble many features of those in bacteria , reflecting the likely evolutionary origin of mitochondria .	0
how are ribosomes made	Albert Claude , Christian de Duve , and George Emil Palade were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , in 1974 , for the discovery of the ribosomes .	0
how are ribosomes made	The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2009 was awarded to Venkatraman Ramakrishnan , Thomas A. Steitz and Ada E. Yonath for determining the detailed structure and mechanism of the ribosome .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	The simplified internal structure of a chloroplast	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Overview of the Calvin cycle and carbon fixation	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	The light-independent reactions of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose .	1
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	These reactions occur in the stroma , the fluid-filled area of a chloroplast outside of the thylakoid membranes .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	These reactions take the light-dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them .	1
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	There are three phases to the light-independent reactions , collectively called the Calvin cycle : carbon fixation , reduction reactions , and ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate ( RuBP ) regeneration .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Despite its name , this process occurs only when light is available .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Plants do not carry out the Calvin cycle by night .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	They , instead , release sucrose into the phloem from their starch reserves .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	This process happens when light is available independent of the kind of photosynthesis ( C3 carbon fixation , C4 carbon fixation , and Crassulacean Acid Metabolism ) ; CAM plants store malic acid in their vacuoles every night and release it by day in order to make this process work .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	In mathematics , a square number or perfect square is an integer that is the square of an integer ; in other words , it is the product of some integer with itself .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	For example , 9 is a square number , since it can be written as .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	The usual notation for the formula for the square of a number is not the product , but the equivalent exponentiation , usually pronounced as `` squared '' .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	The name square number comes from the name of the shape ; see below .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	Square numbers are non-negative .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	Another way of saying that a ( non-negative ) number is a square number , is that its square roots are again integers .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	For example , = ±3 , so 9 is a square number .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	A positive integer that has no perfect square divisors except 1 is called square-free .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	For a non-negative integer , the th square number is , with being the zeroth square .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	The concept of square can be extended to some other number systems .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	If rational numbers are included , then a square is the ratio of two square integers , and , conversely , the ratio of two square integers is a square ( e.g. , 4/9 = ( 2/3 ) 2 ) .	0
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers	Starting with 1 , there are square numbers up to and including , where the expression represents the floor of the number .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The Era of Good Feelings marked a period in the political history of the United States that reflected a sense of national purpose and a desire for unity among Americans in the aftermath of the Napoleonic Wars .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The era saw the collapse of the Federalist Party and an end to the bitter partisan disputes between it and the dominant Democratic-Republican party during the First Party System .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	President James Monroe endeavored to downplay partisan affiliation in making his nominations , with the ultimate goal of national unity and eliminating parties altogether from national politics .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The period is so closely associated with Monroe 's presidency ( 1817–1825 ) and his administrative goals that his name and the era are virtually synonymous .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The Era of Good Feelings marked a transition in American politics with the end of the Federalist Party as America began to develop after the War of 1812 .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	While America was experiencing growth and prosperity after the war with Britain , this era also marks the first instance of economic troubles in the growing United States .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	Mirroring the American System proposed by Henry Clay , protective tariffs and the chartering of the Second Bank of the United States complicated the tension between the North and South with the coming of the first financial crisis .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	While the term “Era of Good Feelings” is usually viewed with irony because of the political turmoil , economic factors caused animosity between the North and South .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The designation of the period by historians as one of “good feelings” is often conveyed with irony or skepticism , as the history of the era was one in which the political atmosphere was strained and divisive , especially among factions within the Monroe administration and the Republican Party .	0
what ended the era of good feelings	The phrase “Era of Good Feelings” was coined by Benjamin Russell , in the Boston Federalist newspaper , Columbian Centinel , on July 12 , 1817 , following Monroe 's visit to Boston , Massachusetts as part of his good will tour of America .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Mariel Margaret `` Mia '' Hamm ( born March 17 , 1972 ) is a retired American professional soccer player .	1
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm played many years as a forward for the United States women 's national soccer team and was a founding member of the Washington Freedom .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm scored 158 international goals , more than any other player , male or female , in the history of soccer and is the third most capped female player in soccer history behind Kristine Lilly and Christie Rampone , appearing in 275 international matches .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm was named the women 's FIFA World Player of the Year the first two times that award was given ( in 2001 and 2002 ) , and is listed as one of FIFA 's 125 best living players ( as chosen by Pelé ) .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	She was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame as well as the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame and Texas Sports Hall of Fame .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	She is the author of Go For the Goal : A Champion 's Guide to Winning in Soccer and Life and appeared in the HBO documentary Dare to Dream : The Story of the U.S. Women 's Soccer Team .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Washington Post columnist Michael Wilbon called Hamm , `` Perhaps the most important athlete of the last 15 years . ''	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm takes a corner kick .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The New York Red Bulls is an American professional soccer team based in Harrison , New Jersey , representing the New York metropolitan area .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The team competes in the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS , having competed in the league since its inception .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The team was a founding member of MLS ( 1996 ) , but has gone through several name changes .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The team was originally known as the New York/New Jersey MetroStars through 1997 .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	From the 1998 season through the 2005 season , the team was known as the MetroStars .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	On March 9 , 2006 , the team was sold to Red Bull GmbH , leading to the team 's current name .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	They are the only original MLS franchise not to have won any significant trophy ( including regular season , playoffs , and knockout competition ) since inception .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The team 's best result in the MLS was the MLS Cup final in 2008 .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	In the US Open Cup , the MetroStars reached three semifinals ( 1997 , 1998 , 2000 ) , before reaching their first final in 2003 , losing 1–0 to the Chicago Fire .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	On August 26 , 2000 , the Metros ' Clint Mathis set an MLS record by scoring five goals in a game against the Dallas Burn .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	Some well-known players that have played for the team include Giovanni Savarese , Tim Howard , Tony Meola , Tab Ramos , Alexi Lalas , Clint Mathis , Jozy Altidore , Michael Bradley , Claudio Reyna , Eddie Pope , Roberto Donadoni , Lothar Matthäus , Adolfo Valencia , Youri Djorkaeff , Amado Guevara , Juan Pablo Ángel , Thierry Henry , Juninho Pernambucano , Jan Gunnar Solli , Rafael Márquez , and Tim Cahill .	0
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls	The team has also had well-known coaches , including Carlos Queiroz , Carlos Alberto Parreira , Bora Milutinović , Bob Bradley , Mo Johnston , Bruce Arena and Hans Backe .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Confucianism , Taoism , and Buddhism are one , a painting in the litang style portraying three men laughing by a river stream , 12th century , Song Dynasty .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Estimating the number of Buddhists in the world , or in many countries , is difficult due to definitional issues as well as practical problems of enumeration .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	To begin with , the religious beliefs , practices , and identities of East Asians ( who comprise the majority of the world 's Buddhists by any measure ) often blend Buddhism with other traditions including Confucianism , the Chinese folk religion , Daoism , Shinto , and Korean shamanism .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Most followers of Buddhism do not belong to structured congregations , or observe a definite ritual of adherence such as taking Refuge , making it difficult to accurately estimate the number of practitioners .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	An additional challenge is the hostility of several national governments ( often Communist ones such as China or North Korea ) to religion generally or to Buddhism specifically .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Government policies in these countries may encourage the under-reporting or non-reporting of religious adherence , resulting in official totals that may drastically underestimate the number of religious practitioners in these countries .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Estimate of the worldwide Buddhist population range from 350 million to over one billion , but cluster nearer to the first figure .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Adherents.com ( as of 2012 ) suggests a figure of 397 million .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	By major branches , the numbers are as follows:	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 1 ) Mahayana Buddhism , including East Asian Buddhism , with no fewer than 185 million adherents , and possibly several times that many ( again , depending on definitional issues ) .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This is the predominant form of Buddhism practiced in China , South Korea , Japan , Taiwan , Singapore , and Vietnam .	1
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 2 ) Theravada Buddhism , with no fewer than 125 million adherents .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This is the predominant form of Buddhism practiced in Cambodia , Thailand , Laos , Sri Lanka , and Burma .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 3 ) Vajrayana Buddhism , with approximately 20 million adherents .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This form predominates in the greater Tibetan and Mongolian regions , as well as in the Himalayas .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Besides the independent countries of Mongolia and Bhutan , and various territories within what is now western China , Vajrayana is traditional to certain regions of Russia ( e.g . Kalmykia , Buryatia ) , India ( e.g . Ladakh , Sikkim ) , and Nepal ( e.g . Khumbu ) .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Vajrayana , also known as Tibetan Buddhism , is often conflated with Tantric Buddhism , but this is imprecise , as Shingon and other forms of East Asian Buddhism also practice tantra .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	At least 7 countries ( Sri Lanka , Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Burma , Bhutan , and Mongolia ) have unambiguous Buddhist majorities .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Depending on how one calculates Chinese and other East Asian adherents , this figure might expand to include several more countries .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	In addition , Buddhism is the state religion of Cambodia and Bhutan , and receives prominent mention in the constitutions of Thailand and Sri Lanka .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	In northern India and Nepal , the land where Buddhism was born , the religion severely declined during the first millennium .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Whether this decline was due to the Islamic conquest of northern India , or to other factors , remains controversial .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	See the article Decline of Buddhism in India .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	James Butler Hickok ( May 27 , 1837 – August 2 , 1876 ) , better known as Wild Bill Hickok , was a folk hero of the American Old West .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	His skills as a gunfighter and scout , along with his reputation as a lawman , provided the basis for his fame , although some of his reported exploits are fictionalized .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	Born and raised on a farm in rural Illinois , Hickok went west at age 18 as a fugitive from justice , first working as a stagecoach driver , before he became a lawman in the frontier territories of Kansas and Nebraska .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	He fought for the Union Army during the American Civil War , and gained publicity after the war as a scout , marksman , actor , and professional gambler .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	Between his law-enforcement duties and gambling , which easily overlapped , Hickok was involved in several notable shootouts .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	He was shot and killed while playing poker in the Nuttal & Mann 's Saloon in Deadwood , Dakota Territory ( now South Dakota ) .	1
how many land rovers have landed on mars	Artist 's conception of the Curiosity rover vaporizing rock on Mars .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	The rover landed on Mars in August 2012 .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	A Mars rover is an automated motor vehicle which propels itself across the surface of the planet Mars after landing .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	Rovers have several advantages over stationary landers : they examine more territory , they can be directed to interesting features , they can place themselves in sunny positions to weather winter months and they can advance the knowledge of how to perform very remote robotic vehicle control .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	There have been four successful robotically operated Mars rovers .	1
how many land rovers have landed on mars	The Jet Propulsion Laboratory managed the Mars Pathfinder mission and its now inactive Sojourner rover .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	It currently manages the Mars Exploration Rover mission 's active Opportunity rover and inactive Spirit , and , as part of the Mars Science Laboratory mission , the Curiosity rover .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	A financial audit , or more accurately , an audit of financial statements , is the verification of the financial statements of a legal entity , with a view to express an audit opinion .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The audit opinion is intended to provide reasonable assurance , but not absolute assurance , that the financial statements are presented fairly , in all material respects , and/or give a true and fair view in accordance with the financial reporting framework .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The purpose of an audit is provide and objective independent examination of the financial statements , which increases the value and credibility of the financial statements produced by management , thus increase user confidence in the financial statement , reduce investor risk and consequently reduce the cost of capital of the preparer of the financial statements .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Financial audits are typically performed by firms of practicing accountants who are experts in financial reporting .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The financial audit is one of many assurance functions provided by accounting firms .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Many organizations separately employ or hire internal auditors , who do not attest to financial reports but focus mainly on the internal controls of the organization .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	External auditors may choose to place limited reliance on the work of internal auditors .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Auditing promotes transparency and accuracy in the financial disclosures made by an organization , therefore would likely to reduce of such corporations to conceal unscrupulous dealings .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Internationally , the International Standards on Auditing ( ISA ) issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board ( IAASB ) is considered as the benchmark for audit process .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Almost all jurisdictions require auditors to follow the ISA or a local variation of the ISA .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	Dollar coins have been minted in the United States in gold , silver , and base metal versions .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	The term silver dollar is often used for any large white metal coin issued by the United States with a face value of one dollar , although purists insist that a dollar is not silver unless it contains some of that metal .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	Silver dollars , the first dollar coin issue , were minted beginning in 1794 .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	Gold dollars and gold-colored dollars have also been produced by the United States .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	The Sacagawea and Presidential dollars are often referred to as `` golden dollars '' .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	In modern times , dollar coins have not been very popular in the United States .	0
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like	Despite efforts by the government to promote their use , most Americans currently use the one dollar bill rather than dollar coins .	0
how fast is one g	In straight and level flight lift ( L ) equals weight ( W ) .	0
how fast is one g	In a banked turn of 60° , lift equals double the weight ( L=2W ) .	0
how fast is one g	The pilot experiences 2g and a doubled weight .	0
how fast is one g	The steeper the bank , the greater the g-forces .	0
how fast is one g	This top-fuel dragster can accelerate from zero to in 0.86 seconds .	0
how fast is one g	This is a horizontal acceleration of 5.3 g. Combined with the vertical g-force in the stationary case the Pythagorean theorem yields a g force of 5.4 g .	0
how fast is one g	g-force ( with g from gravitational ) is a term for accelerations felt as weight and measurable by accelerometers .	0
how fast is one g	It is not a force , per se , but a force per unit mass .	0
how fast is one g	Since such a force is perceived as a weight , any g-force can be described as a `` weight per unit mass '' ( see the synonym specific weight ) .	0
how fast is one g	The g-force acceleration acts as a multiplier of weight-like forces for every unit of an object 's mass , and ( save for certain electromagnetic force influences ) is the cause of an object 's acceleration in relation to free-fall .	0
how fast is one g	This acceleration experienced by an object is due to the vector sum of non-gravitational forces acting on an object free to move .	0
how fast is one g	The accelerations that are not produced by gravity are termed proper accelerations , and it is only these that are measured in g-force units .	0
how fast is one g	They cause stresses and strains on objects .	0
how fast is one g	Because of these strains , large g-forces may be destructive .	0
how fast is one g	Gravitation acting alone does not produce a g-force , even though g-forces are expressed in multiples of the acceleration of a standard gravity .	0
how fast is one g	Thus , the standard gravitational acceleration at the Earth 's surface produces g-force only indirectly , as a result of resistance to it by mechanical forces .	0
how fast is one g	The 1 g-force on an object sitting on the Earth 's surface is caused by mechanical force exerted in the upward direction by the ground , keeping the object from going into free-fall .	0
how fast is one g	The upward force from the ground ensures that an object at rest on the Earth 's surface is accelerating relative to the free-fall condition , which is the path that the object would follow when falling freely toward the Earth 's center .	0
how fast is one g	Objects allowed to free-fall in an inertial trajectory under the influence of gravitation-only , feel no g-force .	0
how fast is one g	This is demonstrated by the `` zero-g '' conditions inside a freely falling elevator falling toward the Earth 's center ( in vacuum ) , or ( to good approximation ) conditions inside a spacecraft in Earth orbit .	0
how fast is one g	These are examples of coordinate acceleration ( a change in velocity ) without a sensation of weight .	0
how fast is one g	The experience of no g-force ( zero-g ) , however it is produced , is synonymous with weightlessness .	0
how fast is one g	In the absence of gravitational fields , or in directions at right angles to them , proper and coordinate accelerations are the same , and any coordinate acceleration must be produced by a corresponding g-force acceleration .	0
how fast is one g	An example here is a rocket in free space , in which simple changes in velocity are produced by the engines , and produce g-forces on the rocket and passengers .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	An augur holding a lituus , the curved wand often used as a symbol of augury on Roman coins	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The augur was a priest and official in the classical world , especially ancient Rome and Etruria .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	His main role was to interpret the will of the gods by studying the flight of birds : whether they are flying in groups or alone , what noises they make as they fly , direction of flight and what kind of birds they are .	1
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	This was known as `` taking the auspices . ''	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The ceremony and function of the augur was central to any major undertaking in Roman society—public or private—including matters of war , commerce , and religion .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The Roman historian Livy stresses the importance of the augurs : `` Who does not know that this city was founded only after taking the auspices , that everything in war and in peace , at home and abroad , was done only after taking the auspices ? ''	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills is an affluent community in southeastern Michigan .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	It is the second largest city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan .	1
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Its population was 79,740 at the 2010 census .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	It is part of the upscale northwestern suburbs of Metropolitan Detroit and is also northeast of downtown Ann Arbor .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills consistently ranks as one of the safest cities in the United States , as well as in the state of Michigan .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	In 2010 , the area ranked as the 30th safest city in America .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Although the two cities have separate services and addresses , Farmington and Farmington Hills are often thought of as the same community .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Features of the community include a recently renovated downtown , boutiques , a vintage cinema , numerous restaurants , exotic car dealerships , art galleries , and public parks including Heritage Park .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	There are several historical sites including the Longacre House and the Governor Warner Mansion .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Both cities are served by Farmington Public Schools .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills serves as a major business center for the greater Detroit area .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	Present-day impression of a Late Bronze Age seal	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	Town seal ( matrix ) of Náchod from 1570	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	A seal is a device for making an impression in wax , clay , paper , or some other medium , including an embossment on paper , and is also the impression thus made .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	The original purpose was to authenticate a document , a wrapper for one such as a modern envelope , or the cover of a container or package holding valuables or other objects .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	The sealing process is essentially that of a mould , with the final image represented on the device for making the impression by a mirror-image design , incised in sunken- ( or counter- ) relief or intaglio .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	The seal-making device is also referred to as the seal matrix or die ; the imprint it creates as the seal impression ( or , more rarely , the sealing ) .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	If the impression is made purely as a relief resulting from the greater pressure on the paper where the high parts of the matrix touch , the seal is known as a dry seal ; in all other cases a liquid or liquified medium ( such as ink or wax ) is used , usually in another color than the paper .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	For legal purposes , the definition of a seal may be extended to include rubber stamps , or writing specified words ( `` seal '' or `` L.S . `` ) .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	In the United States , the word `` seal '' is sometimes assigned to a facsimile of the seal design ( in monochrome or color ) , which may be used in a variety of contexts including architectural settings , on flags , or on official letterheads .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	Thus , for example , the Great Seal of the United States , among other uses , appears on the reverse of the one-dollar bill ; and several of the seals of the U.S. states appear on their respective state flags .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	In Europe , although coats of arms and heraldic badges may well feature in such contexts as well as on seals , the seal design in its entirety rarely appears as an emblem .	0
how were letters sealed in the 1800s	The study of seals is known as sigillography or sphragistics .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Groundhog Day ( Pennsylvania German : Grundsaudaag , Murmeltiertag ) is a day celebrated on February 2 .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	According to folklore , if it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day , then spring will come early ; if it is sunny , the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its burrow , and the winter weather will continue for six more weeks .	1
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Modern customs of the holiday involve celebrations where early morning festivals are held to watch the groundhog emerging from its burrow .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	In southeastern Pennsylvania , Groundhog Lodges ( Grundsow Lodges ) celebrate the holiday with fersommlinge , social events in which food is served , speeches are made , and one or more g'spiel ( plays or skits ) are performed for entertainment .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	The Pennsylvania German dialect is the only language spoken at the event , and those who speak English pay a penalty , usually in the form of a nickel , dime , or quarter per word spoken , with the money put into a bowl in the center of the table .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	The largest Groundhog Day celebration is held in Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Groundhog Day , already a widely recognized and popular tradition , received widespread attention as a result of the 1993 film Groundhog Day , which was set in Punxsutawney , PA ( though filmed primarily in Woodstock , IL ) and portrayed Punxsutawney Phil .	0
how is the weather in tampa	High resolution image of Tampa Bay region	0
how is the weather in tampa	The Tampa Bay area has a humid subtropical climate ( Koppen Cfa ) , with warm and humid summers with frequent thunderstorms and drier winters with freezing temperatures occurring every 2–3 years .	0
how is the weather in tampa	The area experiences a significant summer wet season , as nearly two-thirds of the annual precipitation falls in the months of June through September .	0
how is the weather in tampa	The area is listed by the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) as being in hardiness zone 10 , which is about the northern limit of where coconut palms and royal palms can be grown .	0
how is the weather in tampa	Highs usually range between 65 and 95 °F ( 18 and 35 °C ) year round .	0
how is the weather in tampa	Though known for hot summers , Tampa 's official high has never reached 100 °F ( 38 °C ) – the city 's all-time record temperature is 99 °F ( 37 °C ) .	0
how is the weather in tampa	St. Petersburg 's all-time record high is exactly 100 °F ( 38 °C ) .	0
how is the weather in tampa	Pinellas County lies on a peninsula between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico , and much of the city of Tampa lies on a smaller peninsula jutting out into Tampa Bay .	0
how is the weather in tampa	This proximity to large bodies of water both moderates temperatures and introduces large amounts of humidity into the atmosphere .	0
how is the weather in tampa	In general , the local communities farthest from the coast have larger temperature ranges , both during a single day and throughout the seasons of the year .	0
What generates gamma radiation	A diagram of the electromagnetic spectrum , showing various properties across the range of frequencies and wavelengths	0
What generates gamma radiation	The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of electromagnetic radiation .	0
What generates gamma radiation	The `` electromagnetic spectrum '' of an object has a different meaning , and is instead the characteristic distribution of electromagnetic radiation emitted or absorbed by that particular object .	0
What generates gamma radiation	The electromagnetic spectrum extends from below the low frequencies used for modern radio communication to gamma radiation at the short- wavelength ( high-frequency ) end , thereby covering wavelengths from thousands of kilometers down to a fraction of the size of an atom .	0
What generates gamma radiation	The limit for long wavelengths is the size of the universe itself , while it is thought that the short wavelength limit is in the vicinity of the Planck length , although in principle the spectrum is infinite and continuous .	0
What generates gamma radiation	Most parts of the electromagnetic spectrum are used in science for spectroscopic and other probing interactions , as ways to study and characterize matter .	0
What generates gamma radiation	In addition , radiation from various parts of the spectrum has found many other uses for communications and manufacturing ( see electromagnetic radiation for more applications ) .	0
What generates gamma radiation	Legend	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( or ; January 30 , 1882 – April 12 , 1945 ) , also known by his initials , FDR , was the 32nd President of the United States ( 1933–1945 ) and a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century , leading the United States during a time of worldwide economic depression and total war .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	A dominant leader of the Democratic Party and the only American president elected to more than two terms , he built a New Deal Coalition that realigned American politics after 1932 , as his domestic policies defined American liberalism for the middle third of the 20th century .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	With the bouncy popular song `` Happy Days Are Here Again `` as his campaign theme , FDR defeated incumbent Republican Herbert Hoover in November 1932 , at the depth of the Great Depression .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Energized by his personal victory over polio , FDR 's unfailing optimism and activism contributed to a renewal of the national spirit .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	He worked closely with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet General Secretary Joseph Stalin in leading the Allies against Germany and Japan in World War II , and restoring prosperity to the nation 's economy .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	In his first hundred days in office , which began March 4 , 1933 , Roosevelt spearheaded major legislation and issued a profusion of executive orders that instituted the New Deal —a variety of programs designed to produce relief ( government jobs for the unemployed ) , recovery ( economic growth ) , and reform ( through regulation of Wall Street , banks and transportation ) .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	The economy improved rapidly from 1933 to 1937 , but then relapsed into a deep recession .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	The bipartisan Conservative Coalition that formed in 1937 prevented his packing the Supreme Court or passing any considerable legislation ; it abolished many of the relief programs when unemployment diminished during World War II .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Most of the regulations on business were ended about 1975–85 , except for the regulation of Wall Street by the Securities and Exchange Commission , which still exists .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Along with several smaller programs , major surviving programs include the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which was created in 1933 , and Social Security , which Congress passed in 1935 .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	As World War II loomed after 1938 , with the Japanese invasion of China and the aggression of Nazi Germany , FDR gave strong diplomatic and financial support to China and Great Britain , while remaining officially neutral .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	His goal was to make America the `` Arsenal of Democracy `` which would supply munitions to the Allies .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	In March 1941 , Roosevelt , with Congressional approval , provided Lend-Lease aid to the countries fighting against Nazi Germany with Britain .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	With very strong national support , he made war on Japan and Germany after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 , calling it a `` date which will live in infamy `` .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	He supervised the mobilization of the U.S. economy to support the Allied war effort .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	As an active military leader , Roosevelt implemented an overall war strategy on two fronts that ended in the defeat of the Axis Powers and the development of the world 's first atom bomb .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	In 1942 Roosevelt ordered the internment of 100,000 Japanese American civilians .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Unemployment dropped to 2 % , relief programs largely ended , and the industrial economy grew rapidly to new heights as millions of people moved to new jobs in war centers , and 16 million men and 300,000 women were drafted or volunteered for military service .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Roosevelt dominated the American political scene not only during the twelve years of his presidency , but also for decades afterward .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	He orchestrated the realignment of voters that created the Fifth Party System .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	FDR 's New Deal Coalition united labor unions , big city machines , white ethnics , African Americans and rural white Southerners .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	He also influenced the later creation of the United Nations and Bretton Woods .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	Roosevelt is consistently rated by scholars as one of the top three U.S. Presidents , along with Abraham Lincoln and George Washington .	0
how many presidential terms did fdr serve	A liberal Democrat , Roosevelt defined his ideological position as `` a little left of center . ''	0
What committees are joint committees	A Joint Committee is a term in politics that is used to refer to a committee made up of members of both chambers of a bicameral legislature .	1
What committees are joint committees	In other contexts , it refers to a committee with members from more than one organization .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	The regulation of prostitution in the United States is not among the enumerated powers of the federal government ; Under the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , it is therefore exclusively the domain of the states to permit , prohibit , or otherwise regulate commercial sex , except insofar as Congress may regulate it as part of interstate commerce with laws like the Mann Act .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	In most states , prostitution is considered a misdemeanor in the category of public order crime , a crime that disrupts the order of a community .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	It was at one time considered to be a vagrancy crime .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	Currently , Nevada is the only state to allow brothel prostitution , the terms of which are stipulated in the Nevada Revised Statutes .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	Only 8 counties currently contain active brothels .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	All forms of prostitution are illegal in Clark County ( which contains the Las Vegas–Paradise metropolitan area ) , Washoe County ( which contains Reno ) , Carson City , Douglas County , and Lincoln County .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	The other counties theoretically allow brothel prostitution , but some of these counties currently have no active brothels .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	Street prostitution , `` pandering , '' and living off of the proceeds of a prostitute remain illegal under Nevada law , as elsewhere in the country .	0
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S	As with other countries , prostitution in the United States can be divided into three broad categories : street prostitution , brothel prostitution , and escort prostitution .	0
how many stripes on the flag	The national flag of the United States of America , often simply referred to as the American flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the `` union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .	0
how many stripes on the flag	The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union .	1
how many stripes on the flag	Nicknames for the flag include the `` Stars and Stripes '' , `` Old Glory `` , and `` The Star-Spangled Banner . ''	0
How many states and territories are within India ?	India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .	1
How many states and territories are within India ?	The states and territories are further subdivided into districts and so on .	0
what congressional district am i in	Congressional districts for the 113th United States Congress	0
what congressional district am i in	2010 Census change:	0
what congressional district am i in	Change in apportionment of congressional districts , starting in 2013 , as a result of the 2010 census .	0
what congressional district am i in	2000 Census change:	0
what congressional district am i in	Change in apportionment of congressional districts , from 2003 to 2013 , as a result of the 2000 census .	0
what congressional district am i in	This is a complete list of congressional districts for representation in the United States House of Representatives .	0
what congressional district am i in	The quantity ( apportionment ) and boundaries ( redistricting ) of districts are determined after each census , although in some cases states have changed the boundaries more than once per census .	0
what congressional district am i in	This list includes the 435 current and over 200 obsolete districts .	0
what congressional district am i in	For example , since the 2000 census , Nebraska has had three districts , but it used to have as many as six .	0
what congressional district am i in	In the first decade of the twenty-first century , Texas had 32 districts , but has since added four due to reapportionment as a result of the 2010 census .	0
what congressional district am i in	Other states have lost districts since the number of congressional seats has been set at 435 by statute .	0
what congressional district am i in	Also included here are non-voting delegations : six current and four obsolete .	0
what congressional district am i in	The boundaries of districts often shift with each redistricting .	0
what congressional district am i in	Over time , the region and demographics represented in a district can change substantially .	0
what congressional district am i in	Furthermore , districts sometimes retain the same boundaries while changing their district numbers .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Mariah Carey ( born March 27 , 1970 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , actress , and philanthropist .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Under the guidance of Columbia Records executive Tommy Mottola , Carey released her self-titled debut studio album Mariah Carey in 1990 ; it went multi-platinum and spawned four consecutive number one singles on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Following her marriage to Mottola in 1993 and success with hit records Emotions ( 1991 ) , Music Box ( 1993 ) , and Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) , Carey was established as Columbia 's highest-selling act .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Daydream ( 1995 ) made music history when its second single `` One Sweet Day `` , a duet with Boyz II Men , spent a record sixteen weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100 , and remains the longest-running number-one song in U.S. chart history .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	During the recording of the album , Carey began to deviate from her R & B and pop beginnings and slowly traversed into hip hop .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	This musical change became evident with the release of Butterfly ( 1997 ) , at which time Carey had separated from Mottola .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Carey left Columbia in 2000 , and signed a record-breaking $ 100 million recording contract with Virgin Records .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Before the release of her first feature film Glitter ( 2001 ) , she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Following the film 's poor reception , she was bought out of her recording contract for $ 50 million , which led to a decline in her career .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	She signed a multi-million dollar contract deal with Island Records in 2002 , and after an unsuccessful period , returned to the top of music charts with The Emancipation of Mimi ( 2005 ) .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Its second single `` We Belong Together `` became her most successful single of the 2000s , and was later named `` Song of the Decade '' by Billboard .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Carey once again ventured into film with a well-received starring role in ( 2009 ) ; she was awarded the `` Breakthrough Performance Award '' at the Palm Springs International Film Festival , and Black Reel and NAACP Image Award nominations .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	In a career spanning over two decades , Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide , making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	In 1998 , she was honored as the world 's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s at the World Music Awards .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Carey was also named the best-selling female artist of the millennium in 2000 .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	According to the Recording Industry Association of America , she is the third best-selling female artist in the United States , with 63.5 million certified albums .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	With the release of `` Touch My Body `` ( 2008 ) , Carey gained her eighteenth number one single in the United States , more than any other solo artist .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	In 2012 , Carey was ranked second on VH1 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Aside from her commercial accomplishments , Carey has won five Grammy Awards , 17 World Music Awards , 11 American Music Awards , and 31 Billboard Music Awards .	0
how many people have mariah carey dated ?	Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she is famed for her five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Stratocumulus stratiformis cumulogenitus	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	In meteorology , a cloud is a visible mass of liquid droplets or frozen crystals made of water or various chemicals suspended in the atmosphere above the surface of a planetary body .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	These suspended particles are also known as aerosols .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Clouds in Earth 's atmosphere are studied in the cloud physics branch of meteorology .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Two processes , possibly acting together , can lead to air becoming saturated ; cooling the air or adding water vapor to the air .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	In general , precipitation will fall to the surface ; an exception is virga , which evaporates before reaching the surface .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	The international cloud classification system is based on the fact clouds in their most basic forms can show free-convective upward growth like cumulus , appear in non-convective layered sheets such as stratus , or take the form of thin fibrous wisps , as in the case of cirrus .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Prefixes are used in connection with clouds to express variations or complexities in these basic forms or to specify middle or high altitude ranges .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	These include strato- for low clouds with limited convection that form mostly in uneven layers , cumulo- for complex highly-convective storm clouds , nimbo- for thick layered clouds of some complexity that can produce moderate to heavy precipitation , alto- for middle clouds , and cirro- for high clouds ; the latter two of which may be of simple or moderately complex structure .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Whether or not a cloud is low , middle , or high level depends on how far above the ground its base forms .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Cloud types with significant vertical extent can form in the low or middle altitude ranges depending on the moisture content of the air .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Clouds in the troposphere have Latin names due to the popular adaptation of Luke Howard 's cloud categorization system , which began to spread in popularity during December 1802 .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Synoptic surface weather observations use code numbers to record and report the types of tropospheric cloud visible at each scheduled observation time based on the height and physical appearance of the clouds .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	While a majority of clouds form in Earth 's troposphere , there are occasions when clouds in the stratosphere and mesosphere can be observed .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	These three main layers of the atmosphere where clouds may be seen are collectively known as the homosphere .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Above this lies the thermosphere and exosphere , which together make up the heterosphere that marks the transition to outer space .	0
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia	Clouds have been observed on other planets and moons within the Solar System , but , due to their different temperature characteristics , they are composed of other substances such as methane , ammonia , and sulfuric acid .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Galveston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area .	1
what county is galveston in texas	As of the 2010 census , the population was 291,309 .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Its county seat is Galveston .	0
what county is galveston in texas	League City is the largest city in Galveston County in terms of population ; URL_http between 2000 and 2005 it surpassed Galveston as the county 's largest city .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Galveston County was founded in 1838 .	0
what cities are in the bahamas	Nassau	1
what cities are in the bahamas	Freeport , Bahamas	1
what cities are in the bahamas	This is a list of cities in the Bahamas .	0
what cities are in the bahamas	The following table lists the city or town name , the geographic coordinates , the population as of the 1990 census , an estimate of the population as of 2009 , and the island name .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	The Big Ten Conference , formerly Western Conference and Big Nine Conference , is the oldest Division I college athletic conference in the United States .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Its twelve member institutions ( which are primarily flagship research universities in their respective states , well-regarded academically , and with relatively large student enrollment ) are located primarily in the Midwest , stretching from Nebraska in the west to Penn State in the east .	1
how many schools are in the big ten	The conference competes in the NCAA 's Division I ; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A , the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Member schools of the Big Ten ( or , in two cases , their parent university systems ) also are members of the Committee on Institutional Cooperation , a leading educational and research consortium .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Despite the conference 's name , the Big Ten actually consists of 12 schools , following the addition of The Pennsylvania State University in 1993 and the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in 2011 .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	In 2014 , the conference will expand to 14 members with the additions of the University of Maryland , College Park and Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	It is not to be confused with the Big 12 Conference , which has only ten schools and represents a different region of the country .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Single Malt Scotch is single malt whisky made in Scotland using a pot still distillation process at a single distillery , with malted barley as the only grain ingredient .	1
how is single malt scotch made	As with any Scotch whisky , a single malt Scotch must be distilled in Scotland and matured in oak casks in Scotland for at least three years ( most single malts are matured longer ) .	1
how is single malt scotch made	`` Malt '' indicates that the whisky is distilled from a `` malted '' grain .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Several types of grains can be malted ( for example , barley , rye and wheat are all grains which can be malted ) ; however , in the case of single malt Scotch , barley is always the only grain used .	0
how is single malt scotch made	`` Single '' indicates that all the malts in the bottle come from a single distillery .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Bottlings containing malt whisky from multiple distilleries are called `` blended malt `` .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Until the Scotch Whisky Regulations 2009 ( SWR 2009 ) , the word `` blended '' only appeared ( in the context of Scotch whisky ) on bottles of whisky that contained a mixture of both barley and non-barley grain whisky , but this is no longer the case .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Under the terminology established by the SWR 2009 , a `` blended malt Scotch whisky '' is a mixture of single malt Scotch whiskies , not a mixture of malted barley whisky and non-barley whisky ; those are called `` blended Scotch whisky '' , without the word `` malt '' .	0
how is single malt scotch made	The term `` blended malt '' replaced `` vatted malt '' used under the prior labelling conventions .	0
how is single malt scotch made	The age statement on a bottle of single malt Scotch is the number of years the whisky spent maturing in cask .	0
how is single malt scotch made	As very few whiskies are bottled from a single cask the age statement reflects the age of the youngest malt in the mix .	0
what composer used sound mass	A texture may be arranged so as to , `` closely approach the single-object status of fused-ensemble timbres , for example , the beautiful 'northern lights ' chord ... , in a very interesting distribution of pitches , produces a fused sound supported by a suspended cymbal roll `` ( Erickson ( 1975 ) , p.166 & 168 ) .	0
what composer used sound mass	In contrast to more traditional musical textures , sound mass composition `` minimizes the importance of individual pitches in preference for texture , timbre , and dynamics as primary shapers of gesture and impact . ''	0
what composer used sound mass	Developed from the modernist tone clusters and spread to orchestral writing by the late 1950s and 1960s , sound-mass `` obscures the boundary between sound and noise `` ( Edwards 2001 , pp . 326–27 ) .	0
what composer used sound mass	Techniques which may create or be used with sound mass include extended techniques such as muted brass or strings , flutter tonguing , wide vibrato , extreme ranges , and glissandos .	0
what composer used sound mass	Composers and works include Barbara Kolb , Pauline Oliveros ' Sound Patterns for chorus ( 1961 ) , Norma Beecroft 's From Dreams of Brass for chorus ( 1963–1964 ) , and Nancy Van de Vate .	1
what composer used sound mass	Beecroft `` blurs individual pitches in favor of a collective timbre through the use of vocal and instrumental clusters , choral speech , narrator , and a wash of sounds from an electronic tape . ''	0
what composer used sound mass	( ibid )	0
what composer used sound mass	A very early example is the opening of Jean-Féry Rebel 's ballet Les Elémens ( 1737–38 ) , where chaos is represented by a gradually cumulating orchestral cluster of all seven notes of the D minor scale ( Henck 2004 , pp . 52–54 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	A later example is the third movement of Ruth Crawford Seeger 's String Quartet 1931 ( Nonesuch H-71280 ) while more recently Phill Niblock 's multiple drone based music serves as an example .	1
what composer used sound mass	The use of `` chords approaching timbres '' begins with Debussy and Edgard Varèse often carefully scored individual instrumental parts so that they would fuse into one ensemble timbre or sound mass ( Erickson 1975 , pp . 18 and 21 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	Other examples include European `` textural '' compositions of the fifties and sixties such as Krzysztof Penderecki 's Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima ( 1959 ) and György Ligeti 's works featuring micropolyphony in works like Atmosphères ( 1961 ) and his Requiem ( 1963-65 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	Other composers with works using this technique include Henryk Górecki , Karel Husa , Witold Lutosławski , Kazimierz Serocki , and Steven Stucky .	1
what composer used sound mass	Sound mass techniques also appear in the music of George Crumb ( Anon . n.d. ) .	1
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?	Students attending a lecture on linear algebra at the Helsinki University of Technology	0
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?	Pupils in rural Sudan , 2002	0
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?	A student is a learner , or someone who attends an educational institution .	0
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?	In some nations , the English term ( or its cognate in another language ) is reserved for those who attend university , while a schoolchild under the age of eighteen is called a pupil in English ( or an equivalent in other languages ) , although in the United States a person enrolled in grades K–12 is often called a student .	0
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?	In its widest use , student is used for anyone who is learning .	0
what continent is australia	Australia is a continent comprising mainland Australia , Tasmania , New Guinea , Seram , possibly Timor , and neighbouring islands .	1
what continent is australia	The continent is sometimes known in technical contexts by the names Sahul , Australinea or Meganesia , to distinguish it from the Australian mainland .	0
what continent is australia	It is the smallest of the seven traditional continents in the English conception .	0
what continent is australia	New Zealand is not part of the continent of Australia , but of the separate , submerged continent of Zealandia .	0
what continent is australia	Zealandia and Australia are both part of the wider regions known as Australasia and Oceania .	0
what continent is australia	The continent of Australia lies on a continental shelf overlain by shallow seas which divide it into several landmasses — the Arafura Sea and Torres Strait between mainland Australia and New Guinea , and Bass Strait between mainland Australia and Tasmania .	0
what continent is australia	When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age , including the last glacial maximum about 18,000 BC , they were connected by dry land .	0
what continent is australia	During the past ten thousand years , rising sea levels overflowed the lowlands and separated the continent into today 's low-lying arid to semi-arid mainland and the two mountainous islands of New Guinea and Tasmania .	0
what continent is australia	Geologically , a continent extends to the edge of its continental shelf , so the now-separate islands are considered part of the continent .	0
what continent is australia	Due to the spread of animals , fungi and plants across the single Pleistocene landmass the separate lands have a related biota .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	Central Park is nearly twice as big as the world 's second-smallest country , Monaco .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	Historically its reservoirs were important components of the city 's water supply .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	Environmental issues in New York City are affected by the city 's size , density , abundant public transportation infrastructure , and location at the mouth of the Hudson River .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	New York 's population density has environmental pros and cons .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	It facilitates the highest mass transit use in the United States , but also concentrates pollution .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	Gasoline consumption in the city is at the rate the national average was in the 1920s , and greenhouse gas emissions are a fraction of the national average , at 7.1 metric tons per person per year , below San Francisco , at 11.2 metric tons , and the national average , at 24.5 metric tons .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	New York City accounts for only 1 % of United States greenhouse gas emissions while housing 2.7 % of its population .	0
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?	In September 2012 , New York was named the # 1 `` America 's Dirtiest City , '' by a Travel+Leisure readership survey that rated the environmental quality of 35 prominent cities in the United States .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta ( , stressed , locally ) is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia , with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427 .	1
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States .	1
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta was established in 1837 at the intersection of two railroad lines , and the city rose from the ashes of the Civil War to become a national center of commerce .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	In the decades following the Civil Rights Movement , during which the city earned a reputation as `` too busy to hate '' for the progressive views of its citizens and leaders , Atlanta attained international prominence .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the primary transportation hub of the Southeastern United States , via highway , railroad , and air , with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world 's busiest airport since 1998 .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is considered an `` alpha ( - ) world city , '' and , with a gross domestic product of US $ 270 billion , Atlanta’s economy ranks 15th among world cities and sixth in the nation .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Although Atlanta’s economy is considered diverse , dominant sectors include logistics , professional and business services , media operations , government administration , and higher education .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Topographically , Atlanta is marked by rolling hills and dense tree coverage .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Revitalization of Atlanta 's neighborhoods , initially spurred by the 1996 Olympics , has intensified in the 21st century , altering the city 's demographics , politics , and culture .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	A 1947 propaganda comic book published by the Catechetical Guild Educational Society raising the specter of a Communist takeover	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	McCarthyism is the practice of making accusations of disloyalty , subversion , or treason without proper regard for evidence .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	It also means `` the practice of making unfair allegations or using unfair investigative techniques , especially in order to restrict dissent or political criticism . ''	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	The term has its origins in the period in the United States known as the Second Red Scare , lasting roughly from 1950 to 1956 and characterized by heightened fears of communist influence on American institutions and espionage by Soviet agents .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	Originally coined to criticize the anti-communist pursuits of Republican U.S . Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin , `` McCarthyism '' soon took on a broader meaning , describing the excesses of similar efforts .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	The term is also now used more generally to describe reckless , unsubstantiated accusations , as well as demagogic attacks on the character or patriotism of political adversaries .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	During the McCarthy era , thousands of Americans were accused of being Communists or communist sympathizers and became the subject of aggressive investigations and questioning before government or private-industry panels , committees and agencies .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	The primary targets of such suspicions were government employees , those in the entertainment industry , educators and union activists .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	Suspicions were often given credence despite inconclusive or questionable evidence , and the level of threat posed by a person 's real or supposed leftist associations or beliefs was often greatly exaggerated .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	Many people suffered loss of employment and/or destruction of their careers ; some even suffered imprisonment .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	Most of these punishments came about through trial verdicts later overturned , laws that would be declared unconstitutional , dismissals for reasons later declared illegal or actionable , or extra-legal procedures that would come into general disrepute .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	The most famous examples of McCarthyism include the speeches , investigations , and hearings of Senator McCarthy himself ; the Hollywood blacklist , associated with hearings conducted by the House Un-American Activities Committee ( HUAC ) ; and the various anti-communist activities of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) under Director J. Edgar Hoover .	0
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy	McCarthyism was a widespread social and cultural phenomenon that affected all levels of society and was the source of a great deal of debate and conflict in the United States .	0
how does frederick trick napoleon in animal farm	Napoleon is a fictional character and the main antagonist in George Orwell 's Animal Farm .	0
how does frederick trick napoleon in animal farm	While he is at first a common farm pig , he gets rid of Snowball , another pig which shares the power .	0
how does frederick trick napoleon in animal farm	He then takes advantage of the animals ' uprising against their masters to eventually become the tyrannical `` President of Animal Farm , '' which he turns into a dictatorship .	0
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once	NEPTUNE logo	0
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once	The NEPTUNE Canada project is the world’s first regional-scale underwater ocean observatory that plugs directly into the Internet .	0
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once	Since December 2009 , it has allowed people to `` surf '' the seafloor while ocean scientists run deep-water experiments from labs and universities around the world .	0
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once	Along with its sister project , VENUS , NEPTUNE offers a unique approach to ocean science .	0
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once	Traditionally , ocean scientists have relied on infrequent ship cruises or space-based satellites to carry out their research , while the NEPTUNE project uses a remotely operated crawler .	0
how many 1969 dodge coronets were made ?	The Coronet was a full-size car from Dodge in the 1950s , initially the division 's highest trim line but , starting in 1955 , the lowest trim line .	0
how many 1969 dodge coronets were made ?	In the 1960s , the name was transferred to Dodge 's mid-size entry .	0
how many mhz is ARM9 base	ARM9 is an ARM architecture 32-bit RISC CPU family .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Commonwealth is a traditional English term for a political community founded for the common good .	1
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Historically , it has sometimes been synonymous with `` republic `` .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	More recently it has been used for fraternal associations of some sovereign nations .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Most notably , the Commonwealth of Nations , an association primarily of former members of the British Empire , is often referred to as simply `` the Commonwealth '' .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	The September 11 attacks ( also referred to as September 11 , September 11th , or 9/11 ) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks launched by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda upon the United States in New York City and the Washington , D.C. area on September 11 , 2001 .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Four passenger airliners were hijacked by 19 al-Qaeda terrorists so they could be flown into buildings in suicide attacks .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Two of those planes , American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 , were crashed into the North and South towers , respectively , of the World Trade Center complex in New York City .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Within two hours , both towers collapsed with debris and the resulting fires causing partial or complete collapse of all other buildings in the WTC complex , as well as major damage to ten other large surrounding structures .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	A third plane , American Airlines Flight 77 , was crashed into the Pentagon ( the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense ) , leading to a partial collapse in its western side .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	The fourth plane , United Airlines Flight 93 , was targeted at the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C. , but crashed into a field near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , after its passengers tried to overcome the hijackers .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	In total , almost 3,000 people died in the attacks , including the 227 civilians and 19 hijackers aboard the four planes .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Suspicion quickly fell on al-Qaeda .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Although the group 's leader , Osama bin Laden , initially denied any involvement , in 2004 he claimed responsibility for the attacks .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Al-Qaeda and bin Laden cited U.S. support of Israel , the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , and sanctions against Iraq as motives for the attacks .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	The United States responded to the attacks by launching the War on Terror and invading Afghanistan to depose the Taliban , which had harbored al-Qaeda .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Many countries strengthened their anti-terrorism legislation and expanded law enforcement powers .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Having evaded capture for years , bin Laden was located and killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	The destruction of the Twin Towers and other properties caused serious damage to the economy of Lower Manhattan and had a significant effect on global markets .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Cleanup of the World Trade Center site was completed in May 2002 , and the Pentagon was repaired within a year .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	Numerous memorials have been constructed , including the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York , the Pentagon Memorial , and the Flight 93 National Memorial in Pennsylvania .	0
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11	After a lengthy delay , the One World Trade Center is expected to be completed at Ground Zero in New York City in 2013 .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	Crater Lake National Park is a United States National Park located in southern Oregon .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	Established in 1902 , Crater Lake National Park is the fifth oldest national park in the United States and the only one in the state of Oregon .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake , a remnant of a destroyed volcano , Mount Mazama , and the surrounding hills and forests .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The lake is deep at its deepest point , which makes it the deepest lake in the United States , the second deepest in North America and the ninth deepest in the world .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	Crater Lake is often referred to as the seventh deepest lake in the world , but this former listing excludes the approximately depth of subglacial Lake Vostok in Antarctica , which resides under nearly of ice , and the recent report of a maximum depth for Lake O'Higgins /San Martin , located on the border of Chile and Argentina .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	However , when comparing its average depth of to the average depth of other deep lakes , Crater Lake becomes the deepest in the Western Hemisphere and the third deepest in the world .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The impressive average depth of this volcanic lake is due to the nearly symmetrical deep caldera formed 7,700 years ago during the violent climactic eruptions and subsequent collapse of Mount Mazama and the relatively moist climate that is typical of the crest of the Cascade Range .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The caldera rim ranges in elevation from .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The United States Geological Survey benchmarked elevation of the lake surface itself is .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	This National Park encompasses .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	All water that enters the lake is eventually lost from evaporation or subsurface seepage .	0
how many people visit crater lake national park each year	The lake 's water commonly has a striking blue hue , and the lake is re-filled entirely from direct precipitation in the form of snow and rain .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court in the United States .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	It has ultimate ( and largely discretionary ) appellate jurisdiction over all federal courts and over state court cases involving issues of federal law , and original jurisdiction over a small range of cases .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	The Court , which meets in the United States Supreme Court Building in Washington , D.C. , consists of a chief justice and eight associate justices who are nominated by the President and confirmed by the United States Senate .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	Once appointed , justices have life tenure unless they resign , retire , or are removed after impeachment .	1
what county in texas is conroe located in	Conroe is the seat of Montgomery County and falls within the metropolitan area .	1
what county in texas is conroe located in	It is located about north of Houston .	0
what county in texas is conroe located in	As of July 2011 , the city population was 58,973 , up from 36,811 in 2000 .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	The Book of Mormon is a sacred text of the Latter Day Saint movement , which adherents believe contains writings of ancient prophets who lived on the American continent from approximately 2200 BC to AD 421 .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	It was first published in March 1830 by Joseph Smith as The Book of Mormon : An Account Written by the Hand of Mormon upon Plates Taken from the Plates of Nephi .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	According to Smith 's account , and also according to the book 's narrative , the Book of Mormon was originally written in otherwise unknown characters referred to as `` reformed Egyptian `` engraved on golden plates .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	Smith claimed that the last prophet to contribute to the book , a man named Moroni , buried it in a hill in present-day New York and then returned to earth in 1827 as an angel , revealing the location of the book to Smith and instructing him to translate and disseminate it as evidence of the restoration of Christ 's true church in the latter days .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	The Book of Mormon has a number of original and distinctive doctrinal discussions on subjects such as the fall of Adam and Eve , the nature of the Atonement , eschatology , redemption from physical and spiritual death , and the organization of the latter-day church .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	The pivotal event of the book is an appearance of Jesus Christ to the Americas shortly after his resurrection .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	The Book of Mormon is the earliest of the unique writings of the Latter Day Saint movement , the denominations of which typically regard the text not only as scripture but also as a historical record of God 's dealings with the ancient inhabitants of the Americas .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	The Book of Mormon is divided into smaller books , titled after the individuals named as primary authors and , in most versions , divided into chapters and verses .	0
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections	It is written in English , very similar to the Early Modern English linguistic style of the King James Version of the Bible , and has since been fully or partially translated into 108 languages .	0
how high can enlisted soldiers get in the marines	An enlisted rank ( also known as an enlisted grade or enlisted rate ) is , in most militaries , any rank below that of a commissioned officer or warrant officer .	0
how high can enlisted soldiers get in the marines	The term can also be inclusive of non-commissioned officers .	0
how high can enlisted soldiers get in the marines	In most cases , enlisted service personnel perform jobs specific to their own occupational specialty , as opposed to the more generalized command responsibilities of commissioned officers .	0
what a wonderful world covers	`` What a Wonderful World '' is a song written by Bob Thiele ( as `` George Douglas '' ) and George David Weiss .	0
what a wonderful world covers	It was first recorded by Louis Armstrong and released as a single in 1967 .	0
what a wonderful world covers	Thiele and Weiss were both prominent in the music world ( Thiele as a producer and Weiss as a composer/performer ) .	0
what a wonderful world covers	Armstrong 's recording was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999 .	0
what a wonderful world covers	The publishing for this song is controlled by Memory Lane Music Group , Carlin Music Corp. , and Bug Music , Inc .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	1908 poster advertising Gaumont 's sound films .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	The Chronomégaphone , designed for large halls , employed compressed air to amplify the recorded sound .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	A sound film is a motion picture with synchronized sound , or sound technologically coupled to image , as opposed to a silent film .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	The first known public exhibition of projected sound films took place in Paris in 1900 , but decades would pass before sound motion pictures were made commercially practical .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	Reliable synchronization was difficult to achieve with the early sound-on-disc systems , and amplification and recording quality were also inadequate .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	Innovations in sound-on-film led to the first commercial screening of short motion pictures using the technology , which took place in 1923 .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	The primary steps in the commercialization of sound cinema were taken in the mid- to late 1920s .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	At first , the sound films incorporating synchronized dialogue—known as `` talking pictures '' , or `` talkies '' —were exclusively shorts ; the earliest feature-length movies with recorded sound included only music and effects .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	The first feature film originally presented as a talkie was The Jazz Singer , released in October 1927 .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	A major hit , it was made with Vitaphone , the leading brand of sound-on-disc technology .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	Sound-on-film , however , would soon become the standard for talking pictures .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	By the early 1930s , the talkies were a global phenomenon .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	In the United States , they helped secure Hollywood 's position as one of the world 's most powerful cultural/commercial systems ( see Cinema of the United States ) .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	In Europe ( and , to a lesser degree , elsewhere ) the new development was treated with suspicion by many filmmakers and critics , who worried that a focus on dialogue would subvert the unique aesthetic virtues of soundless cinema .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	In Japan , where the popular film tradition integrated silent movie and live vocal performance , talking pictures were slow to take root .	0
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film	In India , sound was the transformative element that led to the rapid expansion of the nation 's film industry—the most productive such industry in the world since the early 1960s .	0
how people live in africa	African people are natives or inhabitants of Africa and people of African descent .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	The Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards ( commonly known as ARIA Music Awards or ARIA Awards ) is an annual series of awards nights celebrating the Australian music industry , put on by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	The event has been held annually since 1987 and encompasses the general genre-specific and popular awards ( these are what is usually being referred to as `` the ARIA awards '' ) as well as Fine Arts Awards and Artisan Awards ( held separately from 2004 ) , Lifetime Achievement Awards and ARIA Hall of Fame – held separately from 2005 to 2010 but returned to the general ceremony in 2011 .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	For 2010 , ARIA introduced public voted awards for the first time .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	Winning , or even being nominated for , an ARIA award results in a lot of media attention on an artist , and usually increases recording sales several-fold – in 2005 , for example , after Ben Lee won three awards , his album Awake Is the New Sleep jumped from No . 31 to No . 5 in the ARIA Charts , its highest position .	1
how many for profit colleges in the usa	For-profit education ( also known as the education services industry or proprietary education ) refers to educational institutions operated by private , profit -seeking businesses .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	There are three types of for-profit schools .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	One type is known as an educational management organization ( EMO ) , and these are primary and secondary educational institutions .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	EMOs work with school districts or charter schools , using public funds to finance operations .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	The majority of for-profit schools in the K–12 sector in America function as EMOs , and have grown in number in the mid-2000s .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	The other major category of for-profit schools are post-secondary institutions which operate as businesses , receiving fees from each student they enroll .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	A third type of for-profit schools , which is less prevalent in the United States , are K–12 schools which operate as businesses .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	EMOs function differently from charter schools created in order to carry out a particular teaching pedagogy ; most charter schools are mission-oriented , while EMOs and other for-profit institutions are market-oriented .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	While supporters argue that the profit motive encourages efficiency , this arrangement has also drawn controversy and criticism .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	Kevin Carey , director of the education policy program of the New American Foundation said in a 2010 column in The Chronicle of Higher Education that `` For-profits exist in large part to fix educational market failures left by traditional institutions , and they profit by serving students that public and private nonprofit institutions too often ignore . ''	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	He also noted that `` There 's no doubt that the worst for-profits are ruthlessly exploiting the commodified college degree .	0
how many for profit colleges in the usa	But they did n't commodify it in the first place . ''	0
how did congress vote on the 22nd amendment	Amendment XXII in the National Archives	0
how did congress vote on the 22nd amendment	The Twenty-second Amendment of the United States Constitution sets a term limit for election to the office of President of the United States .	0
how did congress vote on the 22nd amendment	Congress passed the amendment on March 21 , 1947 .	0
how did congress vote on the 22nd amendment	It was ratified by the requisite number of states on February 27 , 1951 .	0
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo	This is an episode guide for the anime series Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo .	0
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo	This list encompasses every episode , beginning with the original Japanese-language title as they aired on TV Asahi , followed by the title used in the English dubbed version airing in the United States on Cartoon Network .	0
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo	A short summary will follow , introducing the episode and referring to some of the gags , but not giving the complete summaries to the episodes .	0
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo	All names and some of the references will be the ones used from the English-language version to avoid confusion .	0
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo	Japanese names may be presented after the dub name in parentheses .	0
what building inside central park	This article is about the public park in New York City .	0
what building inside central park	For other uses , see Central Park ( disambiguation ) .	0
what building inside central park	Central Park is a public park at the center of Manhattan in New York City .	0
what building inside central park	The park initially opened in 1857 , on of city-owned land ( it is 843 acres today ) .	0
what building inside central park	In 1858 , Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux won a design competition to improve and expand the park with a plan they entitled the Greensward Plan .	0
what building inside central park	Construction began the same year , continued during the American Civil War , and was completed in 1873 .	0
what building inside central park	Central Park is the most visited urban park in the United States .	0
what building inside central park	Designated a National Historic Landmark in 1962 , the park is currently managed by the Central Park Conservancy under contract with the city government .	0
what building inside central park	The Conservancy is a non-profit organization that contributes 83.5 % of Central Park 's $ 37.5 million annual budget , and employs 80.7 % of the park 's maintenance staff .	0
what carrier does straight talk use	TracFone Wireless , Inc. is a prepaid wireless service provider operating in the United States including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands and is a subsidiary of Mexico 's largest telecommunications provider , América Móvil .	0
what carrier does straight talk use	As a Mobile Virtual Network Operator ( MVNO ) , TracFone Wireless holds multiple agreements with the US largest wireless telecommunications companies to utilize their networks to provide service including those of Verizon , AT & T , Sprint , and T-Mobile .	0
what carrier does straight talk use	TracFone Wireless offers its wireless products under multiple brands which each also offer distinctive service plans , the brands include TracFone , NET10 Wireless , Straight Talk , SafeLink Wireless , Telcel América and Simple Mobile .	0
how does a dredge work ?	A grab dredge	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging is an excavation activity or operation usually carried out at least partly underwater , in shallow seas or fresh water areas with the purpose of gathering up bottom sediments and disposing of them at a different location .	1
how does a dredge work ?	This technique is often used to keep waterways navigable .	0
how does a dredge work ?	It is also used as a way to replenish sand on some public beaches , where sand has been lost because of coastal erosion .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging is also used as a technique for fishing for certain species of edible clams and crabs , see fishing dredge .	0
how does a dredge work ?	A dredger ( or “dredge” as is the general usage in the Americas ) is any device , machine , or vessel that is used to excavate and remove material from the bottom of a body of water .	1
how does a dredge work ?	For example , a scoop attached to the end of a rope or pole by which a man can draw sediments up from the bottom of a pond is a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	Developing this idea further , a motorized crane equipped with a drag bucket or clamshell ( grabber ) that is used to scoop material from the bottom of a body of water is also a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	The crane could be located on the bank , or perhaps mounted on a barge .	0
how does a dredge work ?	If the crane is mounted on a barge , the entire vessel is referred to as a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	The process of dredging creates spoils ( excess material ) , which are carried away from the dredged area .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging can produce materials for land reclamation or other purposes ( usually construction-related ) , and has also historically played a significant role in gold mining .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging can create disturbance in aquatic ecosystems , often with adverse impacts .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Cleveland Volcano in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska photographed from the International Space Station , May 2006 .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Ash plumes reached a height of 19 km during the climactic eruption at Mount Pinatubo , Philippines in 1991 .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	A volcano is an opening , or rupture , in a planet 's surface or crust , which allows hot magma , volcanic ash and gases to escape from the magma chamber below the surface .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Volcanoes are generally found where tectonic plates are diverging or converging .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	A mid-oceanic ridge , for example the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , has examples of volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates pulling apart ; the Pacific Ring of Fire has examples of volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates coming together .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	By contrast , volcanoes are usually not created where two tectonic plates slide past one another .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Volcanoes can also form where there is stretching and thinning of the Earth 's crust in the interiors of plates , e.g. , in the East African Rift , the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and the Rio Grande Rift in North America .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	This type of volcanism falls under the umbrella of `` Plate hypothesis '' volcanism .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Volcanism away from plate boundaries has also been explained as mantle plumes .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	These so-called `` hotspots `` , for example Hawaii , are postulated to arise from upwelling diapirs with magma from the core–mantle boundary , 3,000 km deep in the Earth .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Erupting volcanoes can pose many hazards , not only in the immediate vicinity of the eruption .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Volcanic ash can be a threat to aircraft , in particular those with jet engines where ash particles can be melted by the high operating temperature .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Large eruptions can affect temperature as ash and droplets of sulfuric acid obscure the sun and cool the Earth 's lower atmosphere or troposphere ; however , they also absorb heat radiated up from the Earth , thereby warming the stratosphere .	0
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity	Historically , so-called volcanic winters have caused catastrophic famines .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Benedict Arnold ( June 14 , 1801 ) was a general during the American Revolutionary War who originally fought for the American Continental Army but defected to the British Army .	0
what did benedict arnold die	While a general on the American side , he obtained command of the fort at West Point , New York , and planned to surrender it to the British forces .	0
what did benedict arnold die	After the plan was exposed in September 1780 , he was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Born in Connecticut , Arnold was a merchant operating ships on the Atlantic Ocean when the war broke out in 1775 .	0
what did benedict arnold die	After joining the growing army outside Boston , he distinguished himself through acts of intelligence and bravery .	0
what did benedict arnold die	His actions included the Capture of Fort Ticonderoga in 1775 , defensive and delaying tactics despite losing the Battle of Valcour Island on Lake Champlain in 1776 , the Battle of Ridgefield , Connecticut ( after which he was promoted to major general ) , operations in relief of the Siege of Fort Stanwix , and key actions during the pivotal Battles of Saratoga in 1777 , in which he suffered leg injuries that ended his combat career for several years .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Despite Arnold 's successes , he was passed over for promotion by the Continental Congress while other officers claimed credit for some of his accomplishments .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Adversaries in military and political circles brought charges of corruption or other malfeasance , but most often he was acquitted in formal inquiries .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Congress investigated his accounts and found he was indebted to Congress after spending much of his own money on the war effort .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Frustrated and bitter , Arnold decided to change sides in 1779 , and opened secret negotiations with the British .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In July 1780 , he was offered , continued to pursue and was awarded command of West Point .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Arnold 's scheme to surrender the fort to the British was exposed when American forces captured British Major John André carrying papers that revealed the plot .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Upon learning of André 's capture , Arnold fled down the Hudson River to the British sloop-of-war Vulture , narrowly avoiding capture by the forces of George Washington , who had been alerted to the plot .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Arnold received a commission as a brigadier general in the British Army , an annual pension of £360 , and a lump sum of over £6,000 .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He led British forces on raids in Virginia , and against New London and Groton , Connecticut , before the war effectively ended with the American victory at Yorktown .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In the winter of 1782 , Arnold moved to London with his second wife , Margaret `` Peggy '' Shippen Arnold .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He was well received by King George III and the Tories but frowned upon by the Whigs .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In 1787 , he returned to the merchant business with his sons Richard and Henry in Saint John , New Brunswick .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He returned to London to settle permanently in 1791 , where he died ten years later .	1
what did benedict arnold die	Because of the way he changed sides , his name quickly became a in the United States for treason or betrayal .	0
what did benedict arnold die	His conflicting legacy is recalled in the ambiguous nature of some of the memorials that have been placed in his honor .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	Curtis Montague Schilling ( born November 14 , 1966 ) is a former American Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher and Video Game developer .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	He helped lead the Philadelphia Phillies to the World Series in and won World Series championships in with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in and with the Boston Red Sox .	1
how many world series did curt schilling have	Schilling retired with a career postseason record of 11–2 .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	His .846 postseason winning percentage is a major-league record among pitchers with at least 10 decisions .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	After retiring , he founded Green Monster Games which was renamed 38 Studios .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	The company released Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning in February 2012 , but just three months later , Schilling laid off his entire staff amid severe financial troubles that resulted in the company missing payroll the previous week .	0
how many star wars movies are there	Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise centered on a film series created by George Lucas .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The film series has spawned a media franchise outside the film series called the Expanded Universe including books , television series , computer and video games , and comic books .	0
how many star wars movies are there	These supplements to the film trilogies have resulted in significant development of the series ' fictional universe .	0
how many star wars movies are there	These media kept the franchise active in the interim between the film trilogies .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The franchise portrays a galaxy that is described as far , far away in the distant past .	0
how many star wars movies are there	It commonly portrays Jedi as a representation of good , in conflict with the Sith , their evil counterpart .	0
how many star wars movies are there	Their weapon of choice , the lightsaber , is commonly recognized in popular culture .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The fictional universe also contains many themes , especially influences of philosophy and religion .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The first film in the series was originally released on May 25 , 1977 , under the title Star Wars , by 20th Century Fox , and became a worldwide pop culture phenomenon , followed by two sequels , released at three-year intervals .	0
how many star wars movies are there	Sixteen years after the release of the trilogy 's final film , the first in a new prequel trilogy of films was released .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The three prequel films were also released at three-year intervals , with the final film of the trilogy released on May 19 , 2005 .	0
how many star wars movies are there	In October 2012 , The Walt Disney Company acquired Lucasfilm for $ 4.05 billion and announced that it would produce three new films , with the first film , Star Wars Episode VII , planned for release in 2015 .	0
how many star wars movies are there	20th Century Fox still retains the distribution rights to the first two Star Wars trilogies , owning permanent rights for the original film Episode IV : A New Hope , while holding the rights to Episodes I–III , V and VI until May 2020 .	0
how many star wars movies are there	Reactions to the original trilogy were mostly positive , with the last film being considered the weakest , while the prequel trilogy received a more mixed reaction , with most of the praise being for the final movie , according to most review aggregator websites .	0
how many star wars movies are there	All six of the main films in the series were also nominated for or won Academy Awards .	0
how many star wars movies are there	All of the main films have been box office successes , with the overall box office revenue generated by the Star Wars films ( including the theatrical Star Wars : The Clone Wars ) totalling $ 4.49 billion , making it the third-highest-grossing film series .	0
how many star wars movies are there	The success has also led to multiple re-releases in theaters for the series .	0
how much will a transfusion of platelet apheresis raise the platelet count	Plateletpheresis ( more accurately called thrombocytapheresis or thrombapheresis , though these names are rarely used ) is the process of collecting thrombocytes , more commonly called platelets , a component of blood involved in blood clotting .	0
how much will a transfusion of platelet apheresis raise the platelet count	The term specifically refers to the method of collecting the platelets , which is performed by a device used in blood donation that separates the platelets and returns other portions of the blood to the donor .	0
how much will a transfusion of platelet apheresis raise the platelet count	Platelet transfusion can be a life-saving procedure in preventing or treating serious complications from bleeding and hemorrhage in patients who have disorders manifesting as thrombocytopenia ( low platelet count ) or platelet dysfunction .	0
how much will a transfusion of platelet apheresis raise the platelet count	This process may also be used therapeutically to treat disorders resulting in extraordinarily high platelet counts such as essential thrombocytosis .	0
how many ports are there in networking	In computer networking , a port is an application-specific or process-specific software construct serving as a communications endpoint in a computer 's host operating system .	0
how many ports are there in networking	A port is associated with an IP address of the host , as well as the type of protocol used for communication .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The purpose of ports is to uniquely identify different applications or processes running on a single computer and thereby enable them to share a single physical connection to a packet-switched network like the Internet .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The protocols that primarily use ports are the Transport Layer protocols , such as the Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) and the User Datagram Protocol ( UDP ) of the Internet Protocol Suite .	0
how many ports are there in networking	A port is identified for each address and protocol by a 16-bit number , commonly known as the port number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The port number , added to a computer 's IP address , completes the destination address for a communications session .	0
how many ports are there in networking	That is , data packets are routed across the network to a specific destination IP address , and then , upon reaching the destination computer , are further routed to the specific process bound to the destination port number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Note that it is the combination of IP address and port number together that must be globally unique .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Thus , different IP addresses or protocols may use the same port number for communication ; e.g. , on a given host or interface UDP and TCP may use the same port number , or on a host with two interfaces , both addresses may be associated with a port having the same number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Of the thousands of enumerated ports , about 250 well-known ports are reserved by convention to identify specific service types on a host .	1
how many ports are there in networking	In the client-server model of application architecture , ports are used to provide a multiplexing service on each server-side port number that network clients connect to for service initiation , after which communication can be reestablished on other connection-specific port numbers .	0
what area code is 479	Area code 479 is the telephone area code serving thirteen counties in northwest Arkansas , including the cities of Fort Smith , Fayetteville , Springdale , Rogers and Bentonville : the second , third , fourth , eighth and tenth-largest cities in the state , respectively .	1
what area code is 479	It was created in 2002 in a split from area code 501 .	0
what area code is 479	Area code 479 serves Benton , Carroll ( split with area code 870 ) , Crawford , Franklin , Johnson , Logan , Madison , Polk , Pope , Scott , Sebastian , Washington and Yell Counties in Arkansas .	1
what does arraignment mean	Arraignment is a formal reading of a criminal charging document in the presence of the defendant to inform the defendant of the charges against him or her .	1
what does arraignment mean	In response to arraignment , the accused is expected to enter a plea .	0
what does arraignment mean	Acceptable pleas vary among jurisdictions , but they generally include `` guilty '' , `` not guilty '' , and the peremptory pleas ( or pleas in bar ) setting out reasons why a trial can not proceed .	0
what does arraignment mean	Pleas of `` nolo contendere `` ( no contest ) and the `` Alford plea `` are allowed in some circumstances .	0
what does arraignment mean	In England , Wales , Northern Ireland and Australia , arraignment is the first of eleven stages in a criminal trial , and involves the clerk of the court reading out the indictment .	0
what does arraignment mean	The defendant is asked whether he or she pleads guilty or not guilty to each charge .	0
what does arraignment mean	In federal courts of the United States , arraignment takes place in two stages .	0
what does arraignment mean	The first is called the initial arraignment and must take place within 48 hours of an individual 's arrest , 72 hours if the individual was arrested on the weekend and not able to go before a judge until Monday .	0
what does arraignment mean	During this arraignment the defendant is informed of the pending legal charges and is informed of his or her right to retain counsel .	0
what does arraignment mean	The presiding judge also decides at what amount , if any , to set bail .	0
what does arraignment mean	During the second arraignment , a post-indictment arraignment or PIA , the defendant is allowed to enter a plea .	0
what did chaucer do	Geoffrey Chaucer ( ; c. 1343 – 25 October 1400 ) , known as the Father of English literature , is widely considered the greatest English poet of the Middle Ages and was the first poet to have been buried in Poet 's Corner of Westminster Abbey .	0
what did chaucer do	While he achieved fame during his lifetime as an author , philosopher , alchemist and astronomer , composing a scientific treatise on the astrolabe for his ten year-old son Lewis , Chaucer also maintained an active career in the civil service as a bureaucrat , courtier and diplomat .	1
what did chaucer do	Among his many works , which include The Book of the Duchess , the House of Fame , the Legend of Good Women and Troilus and Criseyde , he is best known today for The Canterbury Tales .	0
what did chaucer do	Chaucer is a crucial figure in developing the legitimacy of the vernacular , Middle English , at a time when the dominant literary languages in England were French and Latin .	1
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	The Chicago Blizzard of 1979 was a major blizzard that affected northern Illinois and northwest Indiana , U.S. on January 13 – January 14 , 1979 .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	of snow fell on January 13 alone , setting a new record for snow in one calendar day .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	By the end of January 14 , of snow had fallen .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	The cold weather and snowfall throughout the rest of January and February resulted in frozen tracks throughout the Chicago 'L ' system .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	Commuters crowded onto CTA buses , quickly overwhelming capacity , resulting in usual bus commutes of 30-45 minutes taking up to several hours .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	To avoid huge snowdrifts in the streets , the overcrowded buses were obliged to take numerous detours , adding additional time to the commute .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	Deployment of plows was significantly delayed and when they finally appeared they struggled to keep up with the snowfall .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	Much of the snow remained unremoved throughout the next 2 months , causing ongoing public transit delays and significant problems with trash collection .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	The city 's inadequate response to the blizzard was blamed primarily on mayor Michael Bilandic , who had assumed the post after the 1976 death of Richard J. Daley .	0
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979	Newspaper articles at the time blasted Bilandic ; Jane Byrne , Bilandic 's main political rival in the Democratic primary ( who had previously worked with Bilandic in the Daley administration and been fired by Bilandic when the two could not get along ) , capitalized on this and went on to defeat Bilandic in the February 27 primary .	0
what does am and pm stand for	The 12-hour clock is a time convention in which the 24 hours of the day are divided into two periods : a.m. ( from the Latin ante meridiem , meaning `` before midday '' ) and p.m. ( post meridiem , `` after midday '' ) .	1
what does am and pm stand for	Each period consists of 12 hours numbered : 12 ( acting as zero ) , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , and 11 .	0
what does am and pm stand for	The 12-hour clock was developed over time from the mid-second millennium BC to the 16th century AD .	0
how is canada 's health care	Health spending per capita , in $ US PPP-adjusted , with the US and Canada compared amongst other first world nations .	0
how is canada 's health care	Comparison of the health care systems in Canada and the United States are often made by government , public health and public policy analysts .	0
how is canada 's health care	The two countries had similar health care systems before Canada reformed its system in the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how is canada 's health care	The United States spends much more money on health care than Canada , on both a per-capita basis and as a percentage of GDP .	0
how is canada 's health care	In 2006 , per-capita spending for health care in Canada was US $ 3,678 ; in the U.S. , US $ 6,714 .	0
how is canada 's health care	The U.S. spent 15.3 % of GDP on health care in that year ; Canada spent 10.0 % .	0
how is canada 's health care	In 2006 , 70 % of health care spending in Canada was financed by government , versus 46 % in the United States .	0
how is canada 's health care	Total government spending per capita in the U.S. on health care was 23 % higher than Canadian government spending , and U.S. government expenditure on health care was just under 83 % of total Canadian spending ( public and private ) though these statistics do n't take into account population differences .	0
how is canada 's health care	Studies have come to different conclusions about the result of this disparity in spending .	0
how is canada 's health care	A 2007 review of all studies comparing health outcomes in Canada and the US in a Canadian peer-reviewed medical journal found that `` health outcomes may be superior in patients cared for in Canada versus the United States , but differences are not consistent . ''	1
how is canada 's health care	Life expectancy is longer in Canada , and its infant mortality rate is lower than that of the U.S. , but there is debate about the underlying causes of these differences .	0
how is canada 's health care	One commonly cited comparison , the 2000 World Health Organization 's ratings of `` overall health service performance '' , which used a `` composite measure of achievement in the level of health , the distribution of health , the level of responsiveness and fairness of financial contribution '' , ranked Canada 30th and the US 37th among 191 member nations .	0
how is canada 's health care	This study rated the US `` responsiveness '' , or quality of service for individuals receiving treatment , as 1st , compared with 7th for Canada .	0
how is canada 's health care	While the average life expectancy for Canadians was 80.34 years compared with 78.6 years for residents of the US , simply comparing the life expectancy of two groups with different racial makeup and different obesity rates is likely not an effective way of determining which healthcare system is superior .	0
how is canada 's health care	The WHO 's study methods were criticized by some analyses .	0
how is canada 's health care	Although there is a measure of consensus that life-expectancy and infant mortality mark the most reliable ways to compare nation-wide health care , assuming the population makeup is similar , a recent report by the Congressional Research Service carefully summarizes some recent data and notes the `` difficult research issues '' facing international comparisons .	0
how did the tarantula get its name ?	Tarantulas comprise a group of often hairy and very large arachnids belonging to the Theraphosidae family of spiders , of which approximately 900 species have been identified .	0
how did the tarantula get its name ?	This article only describes members of Theraphosidae , although some other members of the same suborder are commonly referred to as `` tarantulas '' .	0
how did the tarantula get its name ?	Most species of tarantulas are not dangerous to humans , and some species have become popular in the exotic pet trade .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	The ton is a unit of measure .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	It has a long history and has acquired a number of meanings and uses over the years .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	It is used principally as a unit of weight , and as a unit of volume .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	It can also be used as a measure of energy , for truck classification , or as a colloquial term .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	It is derived from the tun , the term applied to a barrel of the largest size .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	This could contain a volume between 210 and 256 gallons ( 800 to 1000 L ) , which could weigh around 2,000 pounds ( 900 kg ) and occupy some of space .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	In the United Kingdom the ton is defined as ( avoirdupois pounds ) .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	From 1965 the UK embarked upon a programme of metrication and gradually introduced metric units , including the tonne ( metric ton ) , a non-SI metric unit defined as 1000 kg .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	The UK Weights and Measures Act 1985 explicitly excluded from use for trade many units and terms , including the ton and the term `` metric ton '' for `` tonne ''	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	In the United States and formerly Canada a ton is defined to be .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	Where confusion is possible , the 2240 lb ton is called `` long ton `` and the 2000 lb ton `` short ton `` ; the tonne is distinguished by its spelling , but usually pronounced the same as ton , hence the US term `` metric ton '' .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	In the UK the final `` e '' of `` tonne '' can also be pronounced ( /ˈtʌnɪ/ ) , or `` metric ton '' when it is necessary to make the distinction .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	Where accuracy is required the correct term must be used , but for many purposes this is not necessary : the metric and long tons differ by only 1.6 % , and the short ton is within 11 % of both .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	The ton is the heaviest unit of weight referred to in colloquial speech .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	The term `` ton '' is also used to refer to a number of units of volume , ranging from in capacity .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	It can also be used as a unit of energy , expressed as an equivalent of coal burnt , TNT detonated , or in refrigeration , ice melted .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	In Britain , ton is used in slang in several contexts to mean `` 100 '' .	0
how many pounds is a ton ?	As a cost or a speed , a ton is widely understood to be £100 or 100 mph .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The Stanley Cup ( ) is the championship trophy awarded annually to the National Hockey League ( NHL ) playoff winner after the conclusion of the Stanley Cup Finals .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Originally commissioned in 1892 as the Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup , the trophy is named for Lord Stanley of Preston , then- Governor General of Canada , who awarded it to Canada 's top-ranking amateur ice hockey club , which the entire Stanley family supported , with the sons and daughters playing and promoting the game .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The first Cup was awarded in 1893 to Montreal HC .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	In 1915 , the two professional ice hockey organizations , the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) and the Pacific Coast Hockey Association ( PCHA ) , reached a gentlemen 's agreement in which their respective champions would face each other for the Stanley Cup .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	After a series of league mergers and folds , the Stanley `` Presentation Cup '' was established as the de facto championship trophy of the NHL in 1926 and then the de jure NHL championship prize in 1947 .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	There are actually three Stanley Cups : the original bowl of the `` Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup '' , the authenticated `` Presentation Cup '' , and the `` Replica Cup '' at the Hall of Fame .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The NHL has maintained effective control over both the trophy itself and its associated trademarks .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Nevertheless , the NHL does not actually own the trophy , but instead uses it by agreement with the two Trustees of the Cup .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The NHL has registered trademarks associated with the name and likeness of the Stanley Cup , although the league 's right to outright own trademarks associated with a trophy it does not own has been disputed by some legal experts .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Unlike the trophies awarded by the other three major professional sports leagues of North America , a new Stanley Cup is not made each year ; winners keep it until a new champion is crowned .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	It is unusual among trophies , in that it has the names of all of the winning players , coaches , management , and club staff engraved on its chalice .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Initially , a new band added each year caused the trophy to grow in size , earning the nickname `` Stovepipe Cup '' .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	In 1958 the modern one-piece Cup was designed with a five-band barrel which could contain 13 winning teams per band .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	To avoid the Stanley Cup from growing , when the bottom band is full , the oldest band is removed and preserved in the Hockey Hall of Fame , and a new blank band added to the bottom .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	It has been referred to as The Cup , Lord Stanley 's Cup , The Holy Grail , or facetiously ( chiefly by sportswriters ) as Lord Stanley 's Mug .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The Stanley Cup is surrounded by numerous legends and traditions , the oldest of which is the celebratory drinking of champagne out of the cup by the winning team .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The original bowl was made of silver and is 18.5 centimetres ( 7.28 inches ) in height and 29 centimetres ( 11.42 inches ) in diameter .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The current Stanley Cup , topped with a copy of the original bowl , is made of a silver and nickel alloy ; it has a height of 89.54 centimetres ( 35.25 inches ) and weighs 15.5 kilograms ( 34.5 lb / 2 st 61⁄2 lb ) .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Since the 1914–15 season , the Cup has been won a combined 94 times by 18 active NHL teams and five defunct teams .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	Prior to that , the challenge cup was held by nine different teams .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The Montreal Canadiens have won the Cup a record 24 times and are currently the last Canadian-based team in the NHL to win the cup after winning it in 1993 .	0
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup	The Stanley Cup was not awarded in 1919 because of a Spanish flu epidemic , and in 2005 , as a consequence of the NHL lockout .	0
how do pineapples grow	The Pineapple ( Ananas comosus ) is a tropical plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries , and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family .	0
how do pineapples grow	Pineapples may be cultivated from a crown cutting of the fruit , possibly flowering in 20–24 months and fruiting in the following six months .	1
how do pineapples grow	Pineapple does not ripen significantly post-harvest .	0
how do pineapples grow	Pineapples are consumed fresh , cooked , juiced , and preserved , and are found in a wide array of cuisines .	0
how do pineapples grow	In addition to consumption , in the Philippines the pineapple 's leaves are used to produce the textile fiber piña - employed as a component of wall paper and furnishings , amongst other uses .	0
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++	In computer science , an integer is a datum of integral data type , a data type which represents some finite subset of the mathematical integers .	0
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++	Integral data types may be of different sizes and may or may not be allowed to contain negative values .	0
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++	Integers are commonly represented in a computer as a group of binary digits .	0
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++	The size of the grouping varies so the set of integer sizes available varies between different types of computers .	0
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++	Computer hardware nearly always provides a way to represent a processor register or memory address as an integer .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	The Gordon Dam in Tasmania is a large hydro facility , with an installed capacity of .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	Hydroelectricity is the term referring to electricity generated by hydropower ; the production of electrical power through the use of the gravitational force of falling or flowing water .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	It is the most widely used form of renewable energy , accounting for 16 percent of global electricity generation – 3,427 terawatt-hours of electricity production in 2010 , and is expected to increase about 3.1 % each year for the next 25 years .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	Hydropower is produced in 150 countries , with the Asia-Pacific region generating 32 percent of global hydropower in 2010 .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	China is the largest hydroelectricity producer , with 721 terawatt-hours of production in 2010 , representing around 17 percent of domestic electricity use .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	There are now three hydroelectricity plants larger than 10 GW : the Three Gorges Dam in China , Itaipu Dam across the Brazil/Paraguay border , and Guri Dam in Venezuela .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	The cost of hydroelectricity is relatively low , making it a competitive source of renewable electricity .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	The average cost of electricity from a hydro plant larger than 10 megawatts is 3 to 5 U.S. cents per kilowatt-hour .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	Hydro is also a flexible source of electricity since plants can be ramped up and down very quickly to adapt to changing energy demands .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	However , damming interrupts the flow of rivers and can harm local ecosystems , and building large dams and reservoirs often involves displacing people and wildlife .	0
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric	Once a hydroelectric complex is constructed , the project produces no direct waste , and has a considerably lower output level of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide ( ) than fossil fuel powered energy plants .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine boy at a Greek symposium	0
what country did wine originate in	The history of wine spans thousands of years and is closely intertwined with the history of agriculture , cuisine , civilization and humanity itself .	0
what country did wine originate in	Archaeological evidence suggests that the earliest known wine production occurred in what is now the country of Georgia around 7000 BCE , with other notable sites in Greater Iran dated 4500 BCE and Armenia 4100 BCE , respectively .	1
what country did wine originate in	The world 's oldest known winery ( dated to 3000 BCE ) was discovered in Areni-1 cave in a mountainous area of Armenia .	0
what country did wine originate in	URL_http .	0
what country did wine originate in	Increasingly clear archaeological evidence indicates that domestication of the grapevine took place during the Early Bronze Age in the Near East , Sumer and Egypt from around the third millennium BCE .	0
what country did wine originate in	Evidence of the earliest wine production in Balkans has been uncovered at archaeological sites in northern Greece ( Macedonia ) , dated to 4500 BC .	0
what country did wine originate in	These same sites also contain remnants of the world 's earliest evidence of crushed grapes .	0
what country did wine originate in	In Egypt , wine became a part of recorded history , playing an important role in ancient ceremonial life .	0
what country did wine originate in	Traces of wild wine dating from the second and first millennia BCE have also been found in China .	0
what country did wine originate in	Moroccan wine Kasher label 1930	0
what country did wine originate in	The Jewish tradition and use of kosher wine is dating back to biblical times .	0
what country did wine originate in	The long history of the use and production of wine throughout ancient Israel is backed up by archeological evidence .	0
what country did wine originate in	Within the Jewish diaspora communities all around the globe , the traditional and religious use of kosher wine continued to this day .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine , linked in myth to Dionysus / Bacchus , was common in ancient Greece and Rome , and many of today 's major wine-producing regions of Western Europe were established with Phoenician and , later , Roman plantations .	0
what country did wine originate in	Winemaking technology improved considerably during the time of the Roman Empire : many grape varieties and cultivation techniques were known ; the design of the wine press advanced ; and barrels were developed for storing and shipping wine .	0
what country did wine originate in	Rashi , a medieval French rabbi and called the `` father '' of all commentaries that followed on the Talmud and the Tanakh , earned his living as a vintner .	0
what country did wine originate in	Following the decline of Rome and its industrial-scale wine production for export , the Christian Church in medieval Europe also became a firm supporter of wine , necessary for celebration of the Catholic Mass . Whereas wine was forbidden in medieval Islamic cultures , its use in Christian libation was widely tolerated .	0
what country did wine originate in	Geber and other Muslim chemists pioneered the distillation of wine for Islamic medicinal and industrial purposes such as perfume .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine production gradually increased , with consumption burgeoning from the 15th century onwards .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine production survived the devastating Phylloxera louse of 1887 and eventually spread to numerous regions throughout the world .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Districts of West Bengal	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Indian state of West Bengal borders with Nepal , Bhutan , Bangladesh and the Indian states of Bihar , Jharkhand , Odisha , Assam and Sikkim .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Himalayas lies in the north of the state and the Bay of Bengal is at the south .	0
how many district are in west bengal	In between them , the river Ganges flows eastwards and its main distributary , the Hooghly River , flows south to reach the Bay of Bengal .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Siliguri Corridor , which connects North-East India with rest of the India , lies in the North Bengal region of the state .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Geographically , West Bengal is divided into a variety of regions— Darjeeling Himalayan hill region , Terai and Doors region , North Bengal plains , Rarh region , Western plateau and high lands , coastal plains , Sunderbans and the Ganges Delta .	0
how many district are in west bengal	In 1947 , when India gained independence , the state of West Bengal was formed with 14 districts , as per partition plan of the then Bengal province of British India .	1
how many district are in west bengal	The former princely state Koch Bihar joined as a district in 1950 , and the former French enclave Chandannagore joined as part of the Hooghly district in 1954 .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The States Reorganisation Act of 1956 led to addition of Purulia district to the state and to enlargement of West Dinajpur district .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Later , larger districts such as West Dinajpur , 24 Parganas and Midnapore were bifurcated .	0
how many district are in west bengal	West Bengal is now divided into nineteen districts under three divisions .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Districts are administered by District Magistrates , and divisions are administered by Divisional Commissioners .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Kolkata , the capital of the state , constitutes the Kolkata district .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Other districts are further divided into administrative units such as subdivisions and blocks , administered by SDO and BDO , respectively .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Panchayati Raj has a three-tier structure in the state .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The atomic unit is called a Gram Panchayat , which is the Panchayat organization for a collection of villages .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The block-level organizations are called Panchayat Samiti , and the district-level organizations are named Zilla Parishad .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	The Caribbean ( or ; ; ; or more commonly Antilles ) is a region that consists of the Caribbean Sea , its islands ( some surrounded by the Caribbean Sea and some bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean ) , and the surrounding coasts .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	The region is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and the North American mainland , east of Central America , and north of South America .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	Situated largely on the Caribbean Plate , the region comprises more than 700 islands , islets , reefs , and cays .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	( See the list . )	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	These islands generally form island arcs that delineate the eastern and northern edges of the Caribbean Sea .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	The Caribbean islands , consisting of the Greater Antilles on the north and the Lesser Antilles on the south and east ( including the Leeward Antilles ) , are part of the somewhat larger West Indies grouping , which also includes the Lucayan Archipelago ( comprising the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands ) north of the Greater Antilles and Caribbean Sea .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	In a wider sense , the mainland countries of Belize and Guyana – historically and culturally part of the British West Indies – may be included .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	Geopolitically , the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states , overseas departments , and dependencies .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	From January 3 , 1958 , to May 31 , 1962 , there was a short-lived country called the Federation of the West Indies composed of ten English-speaking Caribbean territories , all of which were then UK dependencies .	0
what caribbean island is part of France ?	The West Indies cricket team continues to represent many of those nations .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	This is a list of the 221 towns and 13 cities in the U.S. state of New Hampshire .	1
how many towns in new hampshire	For each town/city , the table lists the county to which it belongs , its date of incorporation , its population according to the 2010 census , its form of government , and its principal villages .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities are indicated in boldface .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities and towns are treated identically under state law .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities are just towns whose form of government was changed by a special act of the New Hampshire legislature .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	However , towns currently are able to change their form of government by simple voter approval of a new municipal charter , with several of the more populous towns having already done so .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	The main slave routes in medieval Africa .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	This article discusses systems , history , and effects of slavery within Africa .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	See Arab slave trade , Atlantic slave trade , Maafa , and Slavery in contemporary Africa for other discussions .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	`` Slave transport in Africa '' .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Europeans usually did not enter the interior regions .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Slavery in Africa has existed throughout the continent for many centuries , and continues in the current day .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Systems of servitude and slavery were common in many parts of the continent , as they were in much of the ancient world .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	In most African societies where slavery was prevalent , the enslaved people were largely treated as indentured servants and not treated as chattel slaves .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	When the Arab slave trade and Atlantic slave trade began , many of the local slave systems changed and began supplying captives for slave markets outside of Africa .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Slavery in historical Africa was practiced in many different forms and some of these do not clearly fit the definitions of slavery elsewhere in the world .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Debt slavery , enslavement of war captives , military slavery , and criminal slavery were all practiced in various parts of Africa .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Although there had been some trans-Saharan trade from the interior of Sub-Saharan Africa to other regions , slavery was a small part of the economic life of many societies in Africa until the introduction of transcontinental slave trades ( Arab and Atlantic ) .	0
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy	Slave practices were again transformed with European colonization of Africa and the formal abolition of slavery in the early 1900s .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	Brett Lorenzo Favre ( born October 10 , 1969 ) is a former American football quarterback who spent the majority of his career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He was a 20-year veteran of the NFL , having played quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons ( 1991 ) , Green Bay Packers ( 1992 – 2007 ) , New York Jets ( 2008 ) and Minnesota Vikings ( 2009 – 2010 ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	Favre is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw for over 70,000 yards , over 500 touchdowns , over 300 interceptions , over 6,000 completions , and over 10,000 pass attempts .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	Favre started at the quarterback position for the University of Southern Mississippi for four years before being selected in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by Atlanta ( 33rd overall ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He was traded to Green Bay on February 10 , 1992 , for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	Favre became the Packers ' starting quarterback in the fourth game of the 1992 season , stepping in for injured quarterback Don Majkowski , and started every game through the 2007 season .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He was traded to the New York Jets and started at quarterback for the 2008 season before signing with the Vikings on August 18 , 2009 as their starting quarterback .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He made an NFL record 297 consecutive starts ( 321 including playoffs ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He is the only player to win the AP Most Valuable Player three consecutive times ( 1995–97 ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He has led teams to eight division championships ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2007 , 2009 ) , five NFC Championship Games ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2007 , 2009 ) , and two Super Bowl appearances ( Super Bowl XXXI , Super Bowl XXXII ) , winning one ( Super Bowl XXXI ) .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He holds many NFL records , including most career touchdown passes , most career passing yards , most career pass completions , most career pass attempts , most career interceptions thrown , most consecutive starts by a player , most consecutive starts by a quarterback , most career victories as a starting quarterback , most sacked , and most fumbles .	0
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?	He is also referred to by his nickname `` The Gunslinger '' .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	Salesforce.com Inc. is a global enterprise software company headquartered in San Francisco , California .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	Though best known for its customer relationship management ( CRM ) product , Salesforce has also expanded into the `` social enterprise arena '' through acquisitions .	1
what does salesforce.com do ?	It is currently ranked the most innovative company in America by Forbes magazine , as well as number 27 in Fortunes magazine 's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2012 .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	As of April 2013 , the company is ranked sixth in providing services in marketing and customer service automation .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the S & P 500 index .	0
how long does it take for seahorses to mate ?	Seahorse is the title given to 54 species of marine fish in the genus Hippocampus .	0
how long does it take for seahorses to mate ?	`` Hippocampus '' comes from the Ancient Greek hippos meaning `` horse '' and kampos meaning `` sea monster '' .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth is the third planet from the Sun , and the densest and fifth-largest of the eight planets in the Solar System .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It is also the largest of the Solar System 's four terrestrial planets .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It is sometimes referred to as the world or the Blue Planet .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within its first billion years .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's biosphere then significantly altered the atmospheric and other basic physical conditions , which enabled the proliferation of organisms as well as the formation of the ozone layer , which together with Earth 's magnetic field blocked harmful solar radiation , and permitted formerly ocean-confined life to move safely to land .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The physical properties of the Earth , as well as its geological history and orbit , have allowed life to persist .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Estimates on how much longer the planet will be able to continue to support life range from , to as long as .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's lithosphere is divided into several rigid segments , or tectonic plates , that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	About 71 % of the surface is covered by salt water oceans , with the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's poles are mostly covered with ice that is the solid ice of the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice that is the polar ice packs .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The planet 's interior remains active , with a solid iron inner core , a liquid outer core that generates the magnetic field , and a thick layer of relatively solid mantle .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth gravitationally interacts with other objects in space , especially the Sun and the Moon .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	During one orbit around the Sun , the Earth rotates about its own axis 366.26 times , creating 365.26 solar days , or one sidereal year .	1
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Earth 's axis of rotation is tilted 23.4° away from the perpendicular of its orbital plane , producing seasonal variations on the planet 's surface with a period of one tropical year ( 365.24 solar days ) .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Moon is Earth 's only natural satellite .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It began orbiting the Earth about .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Moon 's gravitational interaction with Earth stimulates ocean tides , stabilizes the axial tilt , and gradually slows the planet 's rotation .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The planet is home to millions of species of life , including humans .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Both the mineral resources of the planet and the products of the biosphere contribute resources that are used to support a global human population .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	These inhabitants are grouped into about 200 independent sovereign states , which interact through diplomacy , travel , trade , and military action .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Human cultures have developed many views of the planet , including its personification as a planetary deity , its shape as flat , its position as the center of the universe , and in the modern Gaia Principle , as a single , self-regulating organism in its own right .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	The Magician from the Waite-Smith tarot , who is depicted using the same tools that modern Wiccans use .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	In the neopagan religion of Wicca , a range of magical tools are used in ritual practice .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	Each of these tools has different uses and associations , and are used primarily to direct magical energies .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	They are used at an altar , inside a magic circle .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	In traditional Gardnerian Wicca , the tools are often divided into personal tools , which are for use by , and owned by , an individual Wiccan , and coven tools , used collectively by the coven .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	This practice may derive partly from Masonic traditions ( such as the use of the Square and Compasses ) , from which Wicca draws some material , and partly from the rituals of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn .	0
what cords are used for in wiccan	The latter made much use of material from medieval grimoires such as the Key of Solomon , which has many illustrations of magical tools and instructions for their preparation .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Typical eukaryotic cell .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Cellular respiration is the set of the metabolic reactions and processes that take place in the cells of organisms to convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , and then release waste products .	1
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The reactions involved in respiration are catabolic reactions , which break large molecules into smaller ones , releasing energy in the process as weak so-called `` high-energy '' bonds are replaced by stronger bonds in the products .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Respiration is one of the key ways a cell gains useful energy to fuel cellular activity .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Cellular respiration is considered an exothermic redox reaction .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The overall reaction is broken into many smaller ones when it occurs in the body , most of which are redox reactions themselves .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Although technically , cellular respiration is a combustion reaction , it clearly does not resemble one when it occurs in a living cell .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	This difference is because it occurs in many separate steps .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	While the overall reaction is a combustion reaction , no single reaction that comprises it is a combustion reaction .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Nutrients that are commonly used by animal and plant cells in respiration include sugar , amino acids and fatty acids , and a common oxidizing agent ( electron acceptor ) is molecular oxygen ( O2 ) .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The energy stored in ATP ( its third phosphate group is weakly bonded to the rest of the molecule and is cheaply broken allowing stronger bonds to form , thereby transferring energy for use by the cell ) can then be used to drive processes requiring energy , including biosynthesis , locomotion or transportation of molecules across cell membranes .	0
how fire extinguisher works	A stored-pressure fire extinguisher made by Amerex	0
how fire extinguisher works	A British fire extinguisher with ID sign , call point and fire action sign	0
how fire extinguisher works	A fire extinguisher , flame extinguisher , or simply an extinguisher , is an active fire protection device used to extinguish or control small fires , often in emergency situations .	0
how fire extinguisher works	It is not intended for use on an out-of-control fire , such as one which has reached the ceiling , endangers the user ( i.e. , no escape route , smoke , explosion hazard , etc . ) , or otherwise requires the expertise of a fire department .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Typically , a fire extinguisher consists of a hand-held cylindrical pressure vessel containing an agent which can be discharged to extinguish a fire .	0
how fire extinguisher works	In the United States , fire extinguishers , in all buildings other than houses , are generally required to be serviced and inspected by a Fire Protection service company at least annually .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Some jurisdictions require more frequent service for fire extinguishers .	0
how fire extinguisher works	The servicer places a tag on the extinguisher to indicate the type of service performed ( annual inspection , recharge , new fire extinguisher ) and when .	0
how fire extinguisher works	There are two main types of fire extinguishers : stored pressure and cartridge-operated .	0
how fire extinguisher works	In stored pressure units , the expellant is stored in the same chamber as the firefighting agent itself .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Depending on the agent used , different propellants are used .	0
how fire extinguisher works	With dry chemical extinguishers , nitrogen is typically used ; water and foam extinguishers typically use air .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Stored pressure fire extinguishers are the most common type .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cartridge-operated extinguishers contain the expellant gas in a separate cartridge that is punctured prior to discharge , exposing the propellant to the extinguishing agent .	1
how fire extinguisher works	This type is not as common , used primarily in areas such as industrial facilities , where they receive higher-than-average use .	0
how fire extinguisher works	They have the advantage of simple and prompt recharge , allowing an operator to discharge the extinguisher , recharge it , and return to the fire in a reasonable amount of time .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Unlike stored pressure types , these extinguishers use compressed carbon dioxide instead of nitrogen , although nitrogen cartridges are used on low temperature ( -60 rated ) models .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cartridge operated extinguishers are available in dry chemical and dry powder types in the U.S. and in water , wetting agent , foam , dry chemical ( classes ABC and B.C . ) , and dry powder ( class D ) types in the rest of the world .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Fire extinguishers are further divided into handheld and cart-mounted , also called wheeled extinguishers .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Handheld extinguishers weigh from 0.5 to 14 kilograms ( 1 to 30 pounds ) , and are hence , easily portable by hand .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cart-mounted units typically weigh 23+ kilograms ( 50+ pounds ) .	0
how fire extinguisher works	These wheeled models are most commonly found at construction sites , airport runways , heliports , as well as docks and marinas .	0
What did native americans do all day	Native Americans in the United States are the indigenous peoples in North America within the boundaries of the present-day continental United States , Alaska , and the island state of Hawaii .	0
What did native americans do all day	They are composed of numerous , distinct Native American tribes and ethnic groups , many of which survive as intact political communities .	0
What did native americans do all day	The terms used to refer to Native Americans have been controversial .	0
What did native americans do all day	According to a 1995 U.S. Census Census_Bureau Bureau Census_Bureau set of home interviews , most of the respondents with an expressed preference refer to themselves as American Indians ( or simply Indians ) , and this term has been adopted by major newspapers and some academic groups ; however , this term does not typically include Native Hawaiians or certain Alaskan Natives , such as Aleut , Yup'ik , or Inuit peoples .	0
What did native americans do all day	Since the end of the 15th century , the migration of Europeans to the Americas , and their importation of Africans as slaves , has led to centuries of conflict and adjustment between Old and New World societies .	0
What did native americans do all day	Europeans created most of the early written historical record about Native Americans after the colonists ' immigration to the Americas .	0
What did native americans do all day	Many Native Americans lived as hunter-gatherer societies and told their histories by oral traditions .	0
What did native americans do all day	In many groups , women carried out sophisticated cultivation of numerous varieties of staple crops : maize , beans and squash .	0
What did native americans do all day	The indigenous cultures were quite different from those of the agrarian , proto-industrial , mostly Christian immigrants from western Eurasia .	0
What did native americans do all day	Many Native cultures were matrilineal ; the people occupied lands for use of the entire community , for hunting or agriculture .	0
What did native americans do all day	Europeans at that time had patriarchal cultures and had developed concepts of individual property rights with respect to land that were extremely different .	0
What did native americans do all day	The differences in cultures between the established Native Americans and immigrant Europeans , as well as shifting alliances among different nations of each culture through the centuries , caused extensive political tension , ethnic violence and social disruption .	0
What did native americans do all day	The Native Americans suffered high fatalities from the contact with infectious Eurasian diseases , to which they had no acquired immunity .	0
What did native americans do all day	Epidemics after European contact caused the greatest loss of life for indigenous populations .	0
What did native americans do all day	Estimates of the pre-Columbian population of what today constitutes the U.S. vary significantly , ranging from 1 million to 18 million .	0
What did native americans do all day	After the colonies revolted against Great Britain and established the United States of America , President George Washington and Henry Knox conceived of the idea of `` civilizing '' Native Americans in preparation for assimilation as U.S. citizens .	0
What did native americans do all day	Assimilation ( whether voluntary as with the Choctaw , or forced ) became a consistent policy through American administrations .	0
What did native americans do all day	During the 19th century , the ideology of manifest destiny became integral to the American nationalist movement .	0
What did native americans do all day	Expansion of European-American populations to the west after the American Revolution resulted in increasing pressure on Native American lands , warfare between the groups , and rising tensions .	0
What did native americans do all day	In 1830 , the U.S. Congress passed the Indian Removal Act , authorizing the government to relocate Native Americans from their homelands within established states to lands west of the Mississippi River , accommodating European-American expansion .	0
What did native americans do all day	The first European Americans to encounter the western interior tribes were generally fur traders and trappers .	0
What did native americans do all day	There were also Jesuit missionaries active in the Northern Tier .	0
What did native americans do all day	As United States expansion reached into the American West , settler and miner migrants came into increasing conflict with the Great Basin , Great Plains , and other Western tribes .	0
What did native americans do all day	These were complex nomadic cultures based on horse culture and seasonal bison hunting .	0
What did native americans do all day	They carried out strong resistance to United States incursions in the decades after the American Civil War , in a series of Indian Wars , which were frequent up until the 1890s , but continued into the 20th century .	0
What did native americans do all day	The transcontinental railroad brought more non-Natives into tribal land in the west .	0
What did native americans do all day	Over time , the U.S. forced a series of treaties and land cessions by the tribes , and established reservations for them in many western states .	0
What did native americans do all day	U.S. agents encouraged Native Americans to adopt European-style farming and similar pursuits , but European-American agricultural technology of the time was inadequate for often dry reservation lands .	0
What did native americans do all day	In 1924 , Native Americans who were not already U.S. citizens were granted citizenship by Congress .	0
What did native americans do all day	Contemporary Native Americans have a unique relationship with the United States because they may be members of nations , tribes , or bands with sovereignty and treaty rights .	0
what countries are in central america ?	Central America ( ) is the central geographic region of the Americas .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .	0
what countries are in central america ?	When considered part of the unified continental model , it is considered a subcontinent .	0
what countries are in central america ?	Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .	1
what countries are in central america ?	Central America is part of the Mesoamerican biodiversity hotspot , which extends from northern Guatemala through central Panama .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It is bordered by Mexico to the north , the Caribbean Sea to the east , the North Pacific Ocean to the west , and Colombia to the south-east .	0
what countries are in central america ?	Central America is an area of , or almost 0.1 % of the Earth 's surface .	0
what countries are in central america ?	As of 2009 , its population was estimated at 41,739,000 .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It has a density of 77 people per square kilometer .	0
how did scrubs end	Scrubs is an American medical comedy-drama television series created by Bill Lawrence that aired from October 2 , 2001 to March 17 , 2010 on NBC and later ABC .	0
how did scrubs end	The series follows the lives of employees at the fictional Sacred Heart teaching hospital .	0
how did scrubs end	The title is a play on surgical scrubs and a term for a low-ranking person because at the beginning of the series , most of the main characters were medical interns .	0
how did scrubs end	The series features fast-paced screenplay , slapstick , and surreal vignettes presented mostly as the daydreams of the central character , Dr. John `` J.D . ''	0
how did scrubs end	Dorian , who is played by Zach Braff .	0
how did scrubs end	Actors starring alongside Braff in the first eight seasons included Sarah Chalke , Donald Faison , Neil Flynn , Ken Jenkins , John C. McGinley and Judy Reyes .	0
how did scrubs end	The series has also featured multiple guest appearances by film actors , such as Brendan Fraser , Heather Graham , and Colin Farrell .	0
how did scrubs end	In the ninth season , many new cast members were introduced and the show setting moved from a hospital to a medical school .	0
how did scrubs end	Out of the original cast , only Braff , Faison and McGinley became regular cast members , while the others with the exception of Reyes , made guest appearances .	0
how did scrubs end	Braff appeared in six episodes of the ninth season before departing .	0
how did scrubs end	Kerry Bishé , Eliza Coupe , Dave Franco and Michael Mosley became series regulars with Bishé becoming the show 's new narrator .	0
how did scrubs end	Scrubs premiered on October 2 , 2001 on NBC .	0
how did scrubs end	The series received a Peabody Award in 2006 .	0
how did scrubs end	During the seventh season , NBC announced that it would not renew the show .	0
how did scrubs end	Shortly after the seventh season finale , ABC announced it had picked up the eighth season of the series , which began January 6 , 2009 .	0
how did scrubs end	The ninth season premiered on December 1 , 2009 .	0
how did scrubs end	On May 14 , 2010 , ABC announced it had officially canceled Scrubs .	0
how does a steam engine work	An 1817 Boulton & Watt beam blowing engine , used in Netherton at the ironworks of M W Grazebrook .	0
how does a steam engine work	Re-erected on the A38 ( M ) in Birmingham , UK	0
how does a steam engine work	A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid .	1
how does a steam engine work	Using boiling water to produce mechanical motion goes back about 2,000 years , but early devices were not practical .	0
how does a steam engine work	Since the late 1700s steam engines have become a major source of mechanical power .	0
how does a steam engine work	The first applications were removing water from mines .	0
how does a steam engine work	In 1781 James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotative motion .	0
how does a steam engine work	These 10 hp engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered .	0
how does a steam engine work	The engines could be sited anywhere that water and coal or wood fuel could be obtained .	0
how does a steam engine work	By 1883 , engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible .	0
how does a steam engine work	Steam engines could also be applied to vehicles such as traction engines and the railway locomotives which are commonly just called steam engines outside America .	0
how does a steam engine work	The stationary steam engine was a key component of the Industrial Revolution , allowing factories to locate where water power was unavailable .	0
how does a steam engine work	Today steam turbines generate about 90 % of the electric power in the United States using a variety of heat sources .	0
how does a steam engine work	Steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products .	1
how does a steam engine work	Non-combustion heat sources such as solar power , nuclear power or geothermal energy may be used .	0
how does a steam engine work	The ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the Rankine cycle .	0
how does a steam engine work	In the cycle , water is heated into steam in a boiler until it reaches a high pressure .	0
how does a steam engine work	When expanded through pistons or turbines , mechanical work is done .	0
how does a steam engine work	The reduced-pressure steam is then condensed and pumped back into the boiler .	0
how does a steam engine work	In general usage , the term steam engine can refer to either the integrated steam plants ( including boilers etc . ) such as railway steam locomotives and portable engines , or may refer to the piston or turbine machinery alone , as in the beam engine and stationary steam engine .	0
how does a steam engine work	Specialized devices such as steam hammers and steam pile drivers are dependent on steam supplied from a separate boiler .	0
how does a steam engine work	A mill engine from Stott Park Bobbin Mill , Cumbria , England	0
how does a steam engine work	A steam locomotive in Germany .This class of engine was built in 1942 – 1950 and operated commercially until 1988 .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	`` Move Bitch '' ( edited version titled `` Move B***h '' or simply `` Move '' ) is the third official single from rapper Ludacris ' album Word of Mouf .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	The single features Mystikal and I-20 .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	The single reached # 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 making it Ludacris 's first top ten hit on the chart , it also reached # 3 on Hot Rap Tracks and # 3 on Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Maicol & Manuel sampled the song on `` Hoy Me Levanté '' on their 2002 release Yakaleo .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	The song is also featured in episode 2 , Series One of British teen comedy/drama Skins .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	The song was also used by World Wrestling Entertainment superstar Montel Vontavious Porter during his short stint in Ring of Honor .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	It was also used for April Hunter in various Independent circuits .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	It was featured in the movie ATL starring T.I . , and ' Hancock , ' although in the latter , the clean version was used .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	A snippet of the song is played during traffic reports on many radio stations , usually carrying an urban/hip-hop format .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	Retired NBA star and now ESPN analyst Jalen Rose is featured in the music video .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	The song has been covered by rock band Start Trouble , on their album Every Solution Has Its Problem .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	It was featured on British sitcom The Inbetweeners when the characters Jay and Neil took Will on a 'pussy patrol ' in Jay 's red Nissan Micra .	0
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?	It was sampled by Girl Talk on the first track of his album All Day , `` Oh No '' .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Elizabeth II ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 ) is the constitutional monarch of 16 sovereign states , known as the Commonwealth realms , and their territories and dependencies , and head of the 54-member Commonwealth of Nations .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	She is Supreme Governor of the Church of England and , in some of her realms , carries the title of Defender of the Faith as part of her full title .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	On her accession on 6 February 1952 , Elizabeth became Head of the Commonwealth and queen regnant of seven independent Commonwealth countries : the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan and Ceylon .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	From 1956 to 1992 , the number of her realms varied as territories gained independence and some realms became republics .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	At present , in addition to the first four aforementioned countries , Elizabeth is Queen of Jamaica , Barbados , the Bahamas , Grenada , Papua New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , Tuvalu , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Belize , Antigua and Barbuda and Saint Kitts and Nevis .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Her reign of years is currently the second longest for a British monarch ; only Queen Victoria has reigned longer at over 63 years .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Elizabeth was born in London and educated privately at home .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Her father acceded to the throne as George VI in 1936 on the abdication of his brother Edward VIII , from which time she was the heir presumptive .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	She began to undertake public duties during the Second World War , in which she served in the Auxiliary Territorial Service .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	In 1947 , she married Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , with whom she has four children : Charles , Anne , Andrew , and Edward .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Her coronation service took place in 1953 and was the first to be televised .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	The Queen 's many historic visits and meetings include a state visit to the Republic of Ireland and reciprocal visits to and from the Pope .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	The Queen has seen major constitutional changes in her realms , such as devolution in the United Kingdom and the patriation of the Canadian constitution .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Times of personal significance have included the births and marriages of her children , the births of her grandchildren , the investiture of the Prince of Wales , and the celebration of milestones such as her Silver , Golden , and Diamond Jubilees in 1977 , 2002 , and 2012 , respectively .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	Major events in the Queen 's reign have included the Troubles in Northern Ireland , the Falklands War , wars with Iraq and the War in Afghanistan .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	There have been times of personal sorrow for her which include the death of her father at 56 , the assassination of Prince Philip 's uncle , Lord Mountbatten , the breakdown of her children 's marriages in 1992 ( a year deemed her annus horribilis ) , the death in 1997 of her former daughter-in-law , Diana , Princess of Wales , and the deaths of her mother and sister in 2002 .	0
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses	The Queen has occasionally faced severe press criticism of the royal family and republican sentiments , but support for the monarchy and her personal popularity remain high .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Christianity is the largest religion listed by Australians in the national census .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	In the 2011 Census , 61.1 % of Australians were listed as Christian .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Australia has no official state religion and the Australian Constitution protects freedom of religion .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	The presence of Christianity in Australia began with the arrival of the First Fleet of British convicts in 1788 .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	The religion grew to account for 96.1 % of the national population at the time of the Federation of Australia in 1901 .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	The Anglican Church of Australia ( formerly known as the Church of England in Australia ) remained the largest denomination until 1986 , when it was surpassed by the Roman Catholic Church in Australia .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Post-war multiculturalism and a decline in religious observance among some sections of the population have diversified the demographics of religion in Australia .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Of the roughly 61 % identifying as Christian in 2011 , the largest denominations were either Roman Catholic ( 25 % ) or Anglican ( 17 % ) , with the third largest denomination being the 5 % affiliated with the Uniting Church in Australia .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Post-war immigration has grown the numbers belonging to churches like the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia and there are large and growing Pentecostal groups , such as Sydney 's Hillsong Church .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	The festivals of Easter and Christmas are public holidays in Australia .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Around a quarter of students attend church schools and Christian organisations are leading non-government providers of health and welfare services through organisations like Catholic Health Australia , Anglicare , UnitingCare Australia , the Salvation Army and St Vincent de Paul Society .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	Historically significant Australian Christians have included Rev Dr John Dunmore Lang , Saint Mary MacKillop , Catherine Helen Spence , Pastor David Unaipon , the Reverend John Flynn and Pastor Sir Doug Nicholls .	0
how is christianity viewed in australia	High profile contemporary Australian Christians include : Tim Costello Baptist minister and current CEO of World Vision Australia , Frank Brennan , Jesuit human rights lawyer , Cardinal George Pell , Catholic Archbishop of Sydney , Phillip Aspinall the current Anglican Primate and Archbishop of Brisbane , Kevin Rudd , former Labor Prime Minister , and Tony Abbott , leader for the Federal Opposition Liberal Party .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Charter creating Collegiate School , which became Yale College , October 9 , 1701	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale University is a private Ivy League research university located in New Haven , Connecticut .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Founded in 1701 in the Colony of Connecticut , the university is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Originally chartered as the `` Collegiate School '' , the institution traces its roots to 17th-century clergymen who sought to establish a college to train clergy and political leaders for the colony .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	In 1718 , the College was renamed `` Yale College '' to honor a gift from Elihu Yale , a governor of the British East India Company .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	In 1861 , the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences became the first U.S. institution to award the PhD . Yale became a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900 .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale College was transformed , beginning in the 1930s , through the establishment of residential colleges : 12 now exist and two more are planned .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale employs over 1,100 faculty to teach and advise about 5,300 undergraduate and 6,100 graduate and professional students .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Almost all tenured professors teach undergraduate courses , more than 2,000 of which are offered annually .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	The University 's assets include an endowment valued at $ 19.4 billion , the second-largest of any academic institution in the world .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale 's system of more than two dozen libraries holds 12.5 million volumes .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	49 Nobel Laureates have been affiliated with the University as students , faculty , and staff .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale has produced many notable alumni , including five U.S. Presidents , 19 U.S. Supreme Court Justices , and several foreign heads of state .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	At the graduate level , Yale Law School , Yale School of Art , and Yale School of Drama are consistently ranked the top programs in their field .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale Law School is the most selective law school in the United States .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	Yale students compete intercollegiately as the Yale Bulldogs in the NCAA Division I Ivy League .	0
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?	The oldest intercollegiate athletic event in the United States is the Yale-Harvard regatta .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Artemisia tridentata ( `` big sagebrush '' or `` sagebrush '' ) is an aromatic shrub from the family Asteraceae , which grows in arid and semi-arid conditions , throughout a range of cold desert , steppe , and mountain habitats in the Intermountain West of North America .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	The vernacular name `` sagebrush '' is also used for several related members of the genus Artemisia , such as California Sagebrush ( Artemisia californica ) .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Big Sagebrush and other Artemisia species are the dominant plants across large portions of the Great Basin , covering some 422,000 square miles in 11 western U.S. & Canadian states .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	It is the state flower of Nevada .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Sagebrush provides food and habitat for a variety of species , such as sage grouse , pronghorn antelope , gray vireo , pygmy rabbit , and mule deer .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Big sagebrush was used as an herbal medicine by Native Americans throughout the Intermountain West of North America—especially for preventing infection in wounds , stopping internal bleeding , and treating headaches and colds .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Chemically , the active medicinal constituents include camphor , terpenoids , and tannins .	0
how does sagebrush effect community idaho	Several major threats exist to sage brush ecosystems , including human settlements , conversion to agricultural land , livestock grazing , invasive plant species , wildfires , and climate change .	0
how many users on mail.com	Yahoo ! Mail is a free email service offered by the American search engine company Yahoo !	0
how many users on mail.com	It was launched in 1997 , and , according to comScore , Yahoo ! Mail is the third-largest web-based email service with 281 million users as of December 2012 .	0
how many users on mail.com	Currently , Yahoo ! offers three versions of Yahoo ! Mail .	0
how many users on mail.com	The traditional `` Yahoo ! Mail Classic '' continues the availability of the original interface introduced in 1997 .	0
how many users on mail.com	A version introduced in 2005 included a new Ajax interface , drag-and-drop features , improved search functionality , keyboard shortcuts , address auto-complete , tabs , and other updated features .	0
how many users on mail.com	In October 2010 , Yahoo ! released a beta version of Yahoo ! Mail , which included improvements to the design , performance , search functionality , and Facebook integration .	0
how many users on mail.com	In May 2011 , beta testing for the new version stopped , and it became the default interface for Yahoo ! Mail .	0
how many users on mail.com	In early 2008 , Yahoo ! began offering unlimited mail storage to its users in response to heated competition in the free web-mail market segment .	0
how many users on mail.com	On June 27 , 2009 , Yahoo ! Messenger was integrated with Yahoo ! Mail .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma ( , ) is a mid-sized urban port city and the county seat of Pierce County , Washington , United States .	1
what county is tacoma washington in	The city is on Washington 's Puget Sound , southwest of Seattle , northeast of the state capital , Olympia , and northwest of Mount Rainier National Park .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	The population was 198,397 , according to the 2010 census .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma is the second-largest city in the Puget Sound area and the third largest in the state .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma also serves as the center of business activity for the South Sound region , which has a population of around 1 million people .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma adopted its name after the nearby Mount Rainier , originally called Mount Tahoma .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	It is known as the `` City of Destiny '' because the area was chosen to be the western terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad in the late 19th century .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	The decision of the railroad was influenced by Tacoma 's neighboring deep-water harbor , Commencement Bay .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	By connecting the bay with the railroad Tacoma 's motto became `` When rails meet sails . ''	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Today Commencement Bay serves the Port of Tacoma , a center of international trade on the Pacific Coast and Washington state 's largest port .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Like most central cities , Tacoma suffered a prolonged decline in the mid-20th century as a result of suburbanization and divestment .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Since the 1990s , developments in the downtown core include the University of Washington Tacoma ; Tacoma Link , the first modern electric light rail service in the state ; the state 's highest density of art and history museums ; and a restored urban waterfront , the Thea Foss Waterway .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	With a long history of blue-collar labor politics — from the railroad workers of the 19th century , to the longshoremen of the 20th century , to the Labor Ready workers of today — Tacoma has long been known for its rough , gritty image .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	A song about Tacoma , `` Thrice All American '' , by American singer-songwriter and former resident Neko Case , describes it as `` a dusty old jewel in the South Puget Sound / where the factories churn / and the timber 's all cut down '' .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma-Pierce County has been named one of the most livable areas in the country .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma was also recently listed as the 19th most walkable city in the country .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In contrast , the city is also ranked as the most stressed-out city in the country in a 2004 survey .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In 2006 , women 's magazine Self named Tacoma the `` Most Sexually Healthy City '' in the United States .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In 2012 , The Advocate gave Tacoma the title of `` Gayest City in America '' , in part because of the large diversity of public offices held , and Washington State passing a bill in 2012 allowing LGBT couples to marry .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma is famous for the 1940 collapse of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Chula Vista ( ; ) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area , the seventh largest city in Southern California , the fourteenth largest city in the State of California , and the 77th-largest city in the United States .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	The population was 243,916 as of the 2010 census .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Located just from downtown San Diego and from the Mexican border in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area , the city is at the center of one of the richest economic and culturally diverse zones in the United States .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Chula Vista is so named because of its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Founded in the early 19th century , fast population growth has recently been observed in the city .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	As the second largest city in San Diego County , Chula Vista has quickly become a destination popular to many tourists .	1
what county is chula vista ca in	Located in the city is one of America 's few year-round United States Olympic Training centers and popular tourist destinations include Cricket Wireless Amphitheater , the Chula Vista marina , and the Chula Vista Nature Center .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	Metes and bounds is a system or method of describing land , real property ( in contrast to personal property ) or real estate .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	The system has been used in England for many centuries , and is still used there in the definition of general boundaries .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	By custom , it was applied in the original Thirteen Colonies that became the United States , and in many other land jurisdictions based on English common law .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	Typically the system uses physical features of the local geography , along with directions and distances , to define and describe the boundaries of a parcel of land .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	The boundaries are described in a running prose style , working around the parcel in sequence , from a point of beginning , returning back to the same point ; compare with the oral ritual of beating the bounds .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	It may include references to other adjoining parcels ( and their owners ) , and it , in turn , could also be referred to in later surveys .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	At the time the description is compiled , it may have been marked on the ground with permanent monuments placed where there were no suitable natural monuments .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	The term `` metes '' refers to a boundary defined by the measurement of each straight run , specified by a distance between the terminal points , and an orientation or direction .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	A direction may be a simple compass bearing , or a precise orientation determined by accurate survey methods .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	The term `` bounds '' refers to a more general boundary description , such as along a certain watercourse , a stone wall , an adjoining public road way , or an existing building .	0
what does metes and bounds mean	The system is often used to define larger pieces of property ( e.g . farms ) , and political subdivisions ( e.g . town boundaries ) where precise definition is not required or would be far too expensive , or previously designated boundaries can be incorporated into the description .	0
what did isaac newton do	Sir Isaac Newton ( 25 December 164220 March 1727 ) was an English physicist and mathematician who is widely regarded as one of the most influential scientists of all time and as a key figure in the scientific revolution .	1
what did isaac newton do	His book Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( `` Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy '' ) , first published in 1687 , laid the foundations for most of classical mechanics .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton also made seminal contributions to optics and shares credit with Gottfried Leibniz for the invention of the infinitesimal calculus .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton 's Principia formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation that dominated scientists ' view of the physical universe for the next three centuries .	0
what did isaac newton do	It also demonstrated that the motion of objects on the Earth and that of celestial bodies could be described by the same principles .	0
what did isaac newton do	By deriving Kepler 's laws of planetary motion from his mathematical description of gravity , Newton removed the last doubts about the validity of the heliocentric model of the cosmos .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of colour based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the many colours of the visible spectrum .	0
what did isaac newton do	He also formulated an empirical law of cooling and studied the speed of sound .	0
what did isaac newton do	In addition to his work on the calculus , as a mathematician Newton contributed to the study of power series , generalised the binomial theorem to non-integer exponents , and developed Newton 's method for approximating the roots of a function .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton was a fellow of Trinity College and the second Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge .	0
what did isaac newton do	He was a devout but unorthodox Christian and , unusually for a member of the Cambridge faculty , he refused to take holy orders in the Church of England , perhaps because he privately rejected the doctrine of trinitarianism .	0
what did isaac newton do	In addition to his work on the mathematical sciences , Newton also dedicated much of his time to the study of alchemy and biblical chronology , but most of his work in those areas remained unpublished until long after his death .	0
what did isaac newton do	In his later life , Newton became president of the Royal Society .	0
what did isaac newton do	He also served the British government as Warden and Master of the Royal Mint .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Prof. Walter Lewin explains Newton 's law of gravitation in MIT course 8.01	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Satellites and projectiles all obey Newton 's law of gravitation	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law of universal gravitation states that every point mass in the universe attracts every other point mass with a force that is directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .	1
what does the universal law of gravitation state	( Separately it was shown that large spherically symmetrical masses attract and are attracted as if all their mass were concentrated at their centers . )	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	This is a general physical law derived from empirical observations by what Newton called induction .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	It is a part of classical mechanics and was formulated in Newton 's work Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( `` the Principia '' ) , first published on 5 July 1687 .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	( When Newton 's book was presented in 1686 to the Royal Society , Robert Hooke made a claim that Newton had obtained the inverse square law from him – see History section below . )	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	In modern language , the law states the following:	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Assuming SI units , F is measured in newtons ( N ) , m1 and m2 in kilograms ( kg ) , r in meters ( m ) , and the constant G is approximately equal to .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	The value of the constant G was first accurately determined from the results of the Cavendish experiment conducted by the British scientist Henry Cavendish in 1798 , although Cavendish did not himself calculate a numerical value for G .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	This experiment was also the first test of Newton 's theory of gravitation between masses in the laboratory .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	It took place 111 years after the publication of Newton 's Principia and 71 years after Newton 's death , so none of Newton 's calculations could use the value of G ; instead he could only calculate a force relative to another force .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law of gravitation resembles Coulomb 's law of electrical forces , which is used to calculate the magnitude of electrical force between two charged bodies .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Both are inverse-square laws , in which force is inversely proportional to the square of the distance between the bodies .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Coulomb 's Law has the product of two charges in place of the product of the masses , and the electrostatic constant in place of the gravitational constant .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law has since been superseded by Einstein 's theory of general relativity , but it continues to be used as an excellent approximation of the effects of gravity .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Relativity is required only when there is a need for extreme precision , or when dealing with gravitation for extremely massive and dense objects .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	White and red flags , representing Iraqi and American deaths , sit in the grass quadrangle of The Valley Library on the Corvallis , Oregon , campus of Oregon State University .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	As part of the traveling Iraq Body Count exhibit from 2008 to 2009 ( not related to Iraq Body Count project ) , the flags aim to `` raise awareness of the human cost of the Iraq War . ''	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	( May 2008 )	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Casualties of the conflict in Iraq since 2003 ( beginning with the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and continuing with the ensuing occupation of Iraq , as well as the activities of the various armed groups operating in the country ) have come in many forms , and the accuracy of the information available on different types of Iraq War casualties varies greatly .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	The table below summarizes various estimates of the Iraqi casualty figures .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	For troops in the U.S.-led multinational coalition , the death toll is carefully tracked and updated daily , and the names and photographs of those killed in action as well as in accidents have been published widely .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	A total of 4,486 U.S. soldiers were killed in Iraq between 2003 and 2012 .	1
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Regarding the Iraqis , however , information on both military and civilian casualties is both less precise and less consistent .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Estimates of casualty levels are available from reporters on the scene , from officials of involved organizations , and from groups that summarize information on incidents reported in the news media .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	The word `` casualties `` in its most general sense includes the injured as well as the dead .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Accounts of the number of coalition wounded vary widely , partly because it is not obvious what should be counted : should only those injuries serious enough to put a soldier out of commission be included ?	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Do illnesses or injuries caused by accidents count , or should the focus be restricted to wounds caused by hostile engagement ?	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Sources using different definitions may arrive at very different numbers , and sometimes the precise definition is not clearly specified .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	Asalto al coche ( Robbery of the coach ) , by Francisco de Goya	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	A highwayman was a thief and brigand who preyed on travellers .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	This type of outlaw usually travelled and robbed by horse , as compared to a footpad who travelled and robbed on foot .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	Mounted robbers were widely considered to be socially superior to footpads .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	Such robbers operated in Great Britain and Ireland from the Elizabethan era until the early 19th century .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	The word highwayman is first known to be used in the year 1617 ; other euphemisms included `` knights of the road '' and `` gentlemen of the road . ''	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	Two terms applied to 19th-century North American highwaymen were road agents in some instances for mountain bandits while in other cases the term is Rlallaala for mountain-based ruffians .	0
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800	In the same time period in Australia , they were known as bushrangers .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Earvin `` Magic '' Johnson , Jr. ( born August 14 , 1959 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	After winning championships in high school and college , Johnson was selected first overall in the 1979 NBA Draft by the Lakers .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	He won a championship and an NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award in his rookie season , and won four more championships with the Lakers during the 1980s .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Johnson retired abruptly in 1991 after announcing that he had contracted HIV , but returned to play in the 1992 All-Star Game , winning the All-Star MVP Award .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	After protests from his fellow players , he retired again for four years , but returned in 1996 , at age 36 , to play 32 games for the Lakers before retiring for the third and final time .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Johnson 's career achievements include three NBA MVP Awards , nine NBA Finals appearances , twelve All-Star games , and ten All-NBA First and Second Team nominations .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	He led the league in regular-season assists four times , and is the NBA 's all-time leader in average assists per game , at 11.2 .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Johnson was a member of the `` Dream Team `` , the U.S. basketball team that won the Olympic gold medal in 1992 .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	After leaving the NBA in 1992 , Johnson formed the Magic Johnson All-Stars , a barnstorming team that travelled around the world playing exhibition games .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Johnson was honored as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996 , and enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2002 .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	He was rated the greatest NBA point guard of all time by ESPN in 2007 .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	His friendship and rivalry with Boston Celtics star Larry Bird , whom he faced in the 1979 NCAA finals and three NBA championship series , were well documented .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Since his retirement , Johnson has been an advocate for HIV/ AIDS prevention and safe sex , as well as an entrepreneur , philanthropist , broadcaster and motivational speaker .	0
how did magic johnson get aids	Johnson was a part-owner of the Lakers for several years , and was part of a group that purchased the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2012 .	0
how does a cell function	Allium cells in different phases of the cell cycle	0
how does a cell function	The cells of eukaryotes ( left ) and prokaryotes ( right )	0
how does a cell function	The cell is the basic structural , functional and biological unit of all known living organisms .	0
how does a cell function	It is the smallest unit of life that is classified as a living thing ( except virus , which consists only from DNA/RNA covered by protein and lipids ) , and is often called the building block of life .	0
how does a cell function	It consists of a protoplasm enclosed within a membrane , which contains many biomolecules such as proteins and nucleic acids .	0
how does a cell function	Organisms can be classified as unicellular ( consisting of a single cell ; including most bacteria ) or multicellular ( including plants and animals ) .	0
how does a cell function	While the number of cells in plants and animals varies from species to species , Humans contain about 100 trillion ( 1014 ) cells .	0
how does a cell function	Most plant and animal cells are between 1 and 100 micrometres and therefore are visible only under the microscope .	0
how does a cell function	The cell was discovered by Robert Hooke in 1665 .	0
how does a cell function	The cell theory , first developed in 1839 by Matthias Jakob Schleiden and Theodor Schwann , states that all organisms are composed of one or more cells , that all cells come from preexisting cells , that vital functions of an organism occur within cells , and that all cells contain the hereditary information necessary for regulating cell functions and for transmitting information to the next generation of cells .	0
how does a cell function	Cells emerged on planet Earth at least 4.0–4.3 billion years ago .	0
how does a cell function	The word cell comes from the Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' .	0
how does a cell function	The descriptive term for the smallest living biological structure was coined by Robert Hooke in a book he published in 1665 when he compared the cork cells he saw through his microscope to the small rooms monks lived in .	0
how does grecian formula work ?	Grecian Formula is a men 's hair coloring product in the United States .	0
how does grecian formula work ?	Canada and Europe previously banned the product because of its use of lead acetate .	0
what are projection headlights	A motor scooter 's front with an impractical number and variety of headlamps , added for decorative purposes	0
what are projection headlights	A headlamp is a lamp attached to the front of a vehicle to light the road ahead .	0
what are projection headlights	Headlamp performance has steadily improved throughout the automobile age , spurred by the great disparity between daytime and nighttime traffic fatalities : the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration states that nearly half of all traffic-related fatalities occur in the dark , despite only 25 % of traffic travelling during darkness .	0
what are projection headlights	While it is common for the term headlight to be used interchangeably in informal discussion , headlamp is the term for the device itself , while headlight properly refers to the beam of light produced and distributed by the device .	0
what are projection headlights	Other vehicles , such as trains and aircraft , are required to have headlamps .	0
what are projection headlights	Bicycle headlamps are often used on bicycles , and are required in some jurisdictions .	0
what are projection headlights	They can be powered by a battery or a small electrical generator on the wheel .	0
what are projection headlights	Additionally automotive night vision systems work to supplement headlamps .	0
How did women work for equal rights during the women 's movement ? Were their efforts successful ?	Women 's rights are the rights and entitlements claimed for women and girls of many societies worldwide .	0
How did women work for equal rights during the women 's movement ? Were their efforts successful ?	In some places these rights are institutionalized or supported by law , local custom , and behaviour , whereas in others they may be ignored or suppressed .	0
How did women work for equal rights during the women 's movement ? Were their efforts successful ?	They differ from broader notions of human rights through claims of an inherent historical and traditional bias against the exercise of rights by women and girls in favour of men and boys .	0
How did women work for equal rights during the women 's movement ? Were their efforts successful ?	Issues commonly associated with notions of women 's rights include , though are not limited to , the right : to bodily integrity and autonomy ; to vote ( suffrage ) ; to hold public office ; to work ; to fair wages or equal pay ; to own property ; to education ; to serve in the military or be conscripted ; to enter into legal contracts ; and to have marital , parental and religious rights .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	Caryn Elaine Johnson , best known as Whoopi Goldberg ( , ( born November 13 , 1955 ) is an American comedienne , actress , singer-songwriter , political activist , author and talk show host .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	Goldberg made her film debut in The Color Purple ( 1985 ) , playing Celie , a mistreated black woman in the Deep South .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	She received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won her first Golden Globe Award for her role in the film .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	In 1990 , she played Oda Mae Brown , a wacky psychic helping a slain man ( Patrick Swayze ) save his lover ( Demi Moore ) in the blockbuster Ghost .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	This performance won her a second Golden Globe and an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress ; this made Goldberg only the second black woman in the history of the Academy Awards to win an acting Oscar—the first being Hattie McDaniel who won for Gone With the Wind in 1939 .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	Notable later films include Sister Act and Sister Act 2 , The Player , Made in America , How Stella Got Her Groove Back , Girl , Interrupted and Rat Race .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	She is also acclaimed for her roles as the bartender Guinan in Star Trek : The Next Generation , as Terry Doolittle in Jumpin ' Jack Flash , and as Carmen Tibideaux in Glee , as well as the voice of Shenzi the hyena in The Lion King .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	Goldberg has been nominated for 13 Emmy Awards for her work in television .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	She was co-producer of the popular game show Hollywood Squares from 1998 to 2004 .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	She has been the moderator of the daytime talk show The View since 2007 .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	Goldberg has a Grammy , two Daytime Emmys , two Golden Globes , a Tony ( for production , not acting ) , and an Oscar .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	In addition , Goldberg has a British Academy Film Award , four People 's Choice Awards , and has been honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .	0
how many times has whoopi been married	She is one of the few entertainers who have won an Emmy , Grammy , Oscar , and Tony Award .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The National Hockey League ( NHL ; ) is an `` unincorporated not-for-profit association '' which operates a major professional ice hockey league of 30 franchised member clubs , of which seven are currently located in Canada and 23 in the United States .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	Headquartered in New York City , the NHL is widely considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world , and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The Stanley Cup , the oldest professional sports trophy in North America , is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The league was organized on November 26 , 1917 , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , after the suspension of operations of its predecessor organization , the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) , which had been founded in 1909 .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	It started with four teams and , through a series of expansions , contractions , and relocations , the league is now composed of 30 active franchises .	1
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The nation to which the name of the league originally referred was Canada , although the league has now been binational since 1924 when it expanded into the United States .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	After a labour dispute that led to the cancellation of the entire 2004–05 season , the league resumed play under a new collective bargaining agreement that included a salary cap .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	In 2009 , the NHL enjoyed record highs in terms of sponsorships , attendance , and television audiences .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The NHL draws many highly skilled players from all over the world and currently has players from about 20 different countries .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	Although Canadians have historically constituted the majority of the players in the NHL , over the past four plus decades the percentages of US and European players have increased both because of the NHL 's continued expansion from six to thirty clubs since 1967 , and the increased availability of highly skilled European players .	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	Maggots feeding on carrion .	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	A maggot is the larva of a fly ( order Diptera ) ; it is applied in particular to the larvae of Brachyceran flies , such as houseflies , cheese flies , and blowflies , rather than larvae of the Nematocera , such as mosquitoes and Crane flies .	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	`` Maggot '' is not a technical term and should not be taken as such ; in many standard textbooks of entomology it does not appear in the index at all .	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	In many non-technical texts the term is used for insect larvae in general .	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	Other sources have coined their own definitions ; for example : `` ...	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	The term applies to a grub when all trace of limbs has disappeared ... '' and `` ... Applied to the footless larvae of Dipters . ''	0
what do maggots turn into to ?	Maggot-like fly larvae are of wide importance in ecology and medicine ; among other roles , various species are prominent in recycling carrion and garbage , attacking crops and foodstuffs , spreading microbial infections , and causing myiasis .	0
how did king herod die	Herod ( , Hordos , Greek : , Hērōdēs ) , also known as Herod the Great ( 73/74 BCE – 4 BCE in Jericho ) , was a Roman client king of Judea .	0
how did king herod die	His epithet of `` the Great '' is widely disputed as he is described as `` a madman who murdered his own family and a great many rabbis `` .	0
how did king herod die	He is also known for his colossal building projects in Jerusalem and elsewhere , including his expansion of the Second Temple in Jerusalem ( sometimes referred to as Herod 's Temple ) and the construction of the port at Caesarea Maritima .	0
how did king herod die	Important details of his biography are gleaned from the works of the 1st century CE Roman–Jewish historian Josephus Flavius .	0
how did king herod die	The Romans made Herod 's son , Herod Archelaus , ethnarch of Judea , Samaria , and Idumea ( biblical Edom ) from 4 BCE to 6 CE , referred to as the tetrarchy of Judea .	0
how did king herod die	Archelaus was judged incompetent by the Roman emperor Augustus who then combined Samaria , Judea proper and Idumea into Iudaea province under rule of a prefect until age 41 .	0
how did king herod die	Herod 's other son Herod Antipas was tetrarch of Galilee from 4 BCE–39 CE .	0
what antigen in present in type o+ and o- blood	ABO blood group antigens present on red blood cells and IgM antibodies present in the serum	0
what antigen in present in type o+ and o- blood	The ABO blood group system is the most important blood type system ( or blood group system ) in human blood transfusion .	0
what antigen in present in type o+ and o- blood	The associated anti-A and anti-B antibodies are usually IgM antibodies , which are usually produced in the first years of life by sensitization to environmental substances such as food , bacteria , and viruses .	0
what antigen in present in type o+ and o- blood	ABO blood types are also present in some other animals , for example apes such as chimpanzees , bonobos , and gorillas .	0
what happened in 1907	Year 1907 ( MCMVII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Monday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .	0
what county is northville mi	Northville is an affluent city located in and divided by Oakland and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Michigan .	1
what county is northville mi	The area is a suburb of Metropolitan Detroit .	0
what county is northville mi	The population was 5,970 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is northville mi	Most of the city is in Oakland County , and is surrounded by the city of Novi .	1
what county is northville mi	The Wayne County portion is surrounded by Northville Township .	0
what county is northville mi	Northville is served by Northville Public Schools .	0
what county is northville mi	The city is located northeast of Ann Arbor and northwest of Detroit .	0
what does strith	Elaine Stritch ( born February 2 , 1925 ) is an American actress and vocalist .	0
what does strith	She has appeared in numerous stage plays and musicals , feature films , and many television programs .	0
what does strith	She is known for her performance of `` The Ladies Who Lunch '' in Stephen Sondheim 's 1970 musical Company , her 2001 one-woman show , Elaine Stritch at Liberty , and recently for her role as Jack Donaghy 's mother Colleen on NBC 's 30 Rock .	0
what does strith	She has been nominated for the Tony Award five times in various categories .	0
what does strith	Stritch is also a three-time Emmy Award winner .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	Misfits is a British science fiction comedy-drama television show about a group of young offenders sentenced to work in a community service programme , where they obtain supernatural powers after a strange electrical storm .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	The series opened in 2009 and is currently ongoing .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	Antonia Thomas , Iwan Rheon , Lauren Socha , Nathan Stewart-Jarrett , and Robert Sheehan are introduced as Alisha Daniels , Simon Bellamy , Kelly Bailey , Curtis Donovan , and Nathan Young respectively .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	Sheehan left after the second series , replaced in the third by Joseph Gilgun as Rudy Wade .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	After the fourth series was announced Rheon , Thomas and Socha had left their roles and would be replaced by new characters Karla Crome , Nathan McMullen and Matt Stokoe , as Jess , Finn and Alex respectively .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	Midway through the fourth series , Stewart-Jarrett left while Natasha O'Keeffe joined the cast as Abbey Smith .	0
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits	On 19 March 2013 , Channel 4 announced at a press event that they have renewed Misfits for a fifth and final series containing 8 episodes .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Brett Lorenzo Favre ( born October 10 , 1969 ) is a former American football quarterback who spent the majority of his career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was a 20-year veteran of the NFL , having played quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons ( 1991 ) , Green Bay Packers ( 1992 – 2007 ) , New York Jets ( 2008 ) and Minnesota Vikings ( 2009 – 2010 ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw for over 70,000 yards , over 500 touchdowns , over 300 interceptions , over 6,000 completions , and over 10,000 pass attempts .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre started at the quarterback position for the University of Southern Mississippi for four years before being selected in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by Atlanta ( 33rd overall ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was traded to Green Bay on February 10 , 1992 , for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre became the Packers ' starting quarterback in the fourth game of the 1992 season , stepping in for injured quarterback Don Majkowski , and started every game through the 2007 season .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was traded to the New York Jets and started at quarterback for the 2008 season before signing with the Vikings on August 18 , 2009 as their starting quarterback .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He made an NFL record 297 consecutive starts ( 321 including playoffs ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He is the only player to win the AP Most Valuable Player three consecutive times ( 1995–97 ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He has led teams to eight division championships ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2007 , 2009 ) , five NFC Championship Games ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2007 , 2009 ) , and two Super Bowl appearances ( Super Bowl XXXI , Super Bowl XXXII ) , winning one ( Super Bowl XXXI ) .	1
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He holds many NFL records , including most career touchdown passes , most career passing yards , most career pass completions , most career pass attempts , most career interceptions thrown , most consecutive starts by a player , most consecutive starts by a quarterback , most career victories as a starting quarterback , most sacked , and most fumbles .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He is also referred to by his nickname `` The Gunslinger '' .	0
how many us planes were hijacked to cuba ?	The following is a list of notable aircraft hijackings around the world .	0
how many websites on world wide web	The World Wide Web ( abbreviated as WWW or W3 , commonly known as the web ) , is a system of interlinked hypertext documents accessed via the Internet .	0
how many websites on world wide web	With a web browser , one can view web pages that may contain text , images , videos , and other multimedia , and navigate between them via hyperlinks .	0
how many websites on world wide web	Using concepts from his earlier hypertext systems like ENQUIRE , British engineer , computer scientist and at that time employee of the CERN , Sir Tim Berners-Lee , now Director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , wrote a proposal in March 1989 for what would eventually become the World Wide Web .	0
how many websites on world wide web	At CERN , a European research organisation near Geneva straddling the border between France and Switzerland , Berners-Lee and Belgian computer scientist Robert Cailliau proposed in 1990 to use hypertext `` to link and access information of various kinds as a web of nodes in which the user can browse at will '' , and they publicly introduced the project in December of the same year .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	Wayne Lyman Morse ( October 20 , 1900July 22 , 1974 ) was a politician and attorney from Oregon , United States , known for his proclivity for opposing his parties ' leadership , and specifically for his opposition to the Vietnam War on constitutional grounds .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	Born in Madison , Wisconsin , and educated at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the University of Minnesota Law School , Morse moved to Oregon in 1930 and began teaching at the University of Oregon School of Law .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	During World War II he was elected to the United States Senate as a Republican ; he became an Independent after Dwight D. Eisenhower 's election to the presidency in 1952 .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	While an independent , he set a record for performing the second longest one-person filibuster in the history of the Senate .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	Morse joined the Democratic Party in 1955 , and was reelected twice while a member of that party .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	Morse made a brief run for the Democratic Party 's presidential nomination in 1960 .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	A few years later , Morse was one of only two Senators who opposed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , which authorized the president to take military action in Vietnam without a declaration of war .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	He continued to speak out against the war in the ensuing years , and lost his 1968 bid for reelection to Bob Packwood , who criticized his strong opposition to the war .	0
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?	Morse made two more bids for reelection to the Senate before his death in 1974 .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In parliamentary procedure , a motion to table has two different and contradictory meanings:	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In the United States , to table usually means the to lay [ the topic ] on the table or to move for postponement of consideration ; a proposal to suspend consideration of a pending motion .	1
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	Much less often , it means a motion to `` put on the table '' : a proposal to begin consideration ( or reconsideration ) , a usage consistent with the rest of the English-speaking world .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In the rest of the English-speaking world such as the United Kingdom , to table means to move to place [ the topic ] upon the table ( or to move to place on the table ) : a proposal to begin consideration ( or reconsideration ) of a proposal .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	Both the American and the British dialects have the sense of `` to table '' as to lay [ the topic ] on the table or to cause [ the topic ] to lie on the table .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The difference is the idea of what the table is for , that of a shelf off to the side , or an active work bench .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The British meaning has the sense of the table as being an active work bench , with the topic being the center of attention , considered and discussed by all until it can be resolved , at which point it is taken off the 'table ' .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The American sense is that the table is like that of a shelf , archive , or long-term storage device , where the topic has been disposed of by sending it to the 'table ' and leaving it there .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer animated comedy-drama prison film , and the third installment in the Toy Story series .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Directed by Lee Unkrich , the film was released worldwide from June through October in Disney Digital 3-D , RealD , and IMAX 3D .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Toy Story 3 was also the first film to be released theatrically with Dolby Surround 7.1 sound .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	The screenplay was written by Michael Arndt , while Unkrich wrote the story along with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton , respectively director and co-writer of the two first films .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	The plot focuses on the toys Woody , Buzz Lightyear , and their friends dealing with an uncertain future as their owner , Andy , prepares to leave for college .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Actors Tom Hanks , Tim Allen , Joan Cusack , Don Rickles , Estelle Harris , John Ratzenberger , Wallace Shawn , Jeff Pidgeon , Jodi Benson , R. Lee Ermey , John Morris , and Laurie Metcalf reprised their voice-over roles from the previous films .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Jim Varney , who played Slinky Dog in the first two films , and Joe Ranft , who portrayed Lenny and Wheezy , both died before production began on Toy Story 3 .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	The role of Slinky Dog was taken over by Blake Clark ( a friend of Varney ) , while Ranft 's characters and various others were written out of the story .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	New characters include performances by Ned Beatty , Timothy Dalton , Kristen Schaal , Bonnie Hunt , Whoopi Goldberg , Jeff Garlin , Richard Kind , and Michael Keaton .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	The feature broke Shrek the Thirds record as the biggest opening day North American gross for an animated film unadjusted for inflation , and a big opening with an unadjusted gross of $ 110,307,189 .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	It is also the highest-grossing opening weekend for a Pixar film , as well as the highest-grossing opening weekend for a film to have opened in the month of June .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	This is the highest-grossing film of 2010 , both in the United States and Canada , and worldwide .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	In early August , it became Pixar 's highest-grossing film at the North American box office ( surpassing Finding Nemo ) , and the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide ( surpassing Shrek 2 ) ; later that month , Toy Story 3 became the first ever animated film in history to make over $ 1 billion worldwide .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	It is currently the 10th-highest-grossing film of all time .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	Toy Story 3 was nominated for five Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Adapted Screenplay , and Best Sound Editing .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	It was the third animated film ( after Beauty and the Beast and Up ) to be nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture .	0
what happens at the end of toy story 3	It won the awards for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song .	0
WHAT HAPPENED TO JOHN STARKS	John Levell Starks ( born August 10 , 1965 ) is an American retired professional basketball shooting guard .	0
WHAT HAPPENED TO JOHN STARKS	Starks was listed at 6'5 '' and 190 pounds during his NBA playing career .	0
WHAT HAPPENED TO JOHN STARKS	Although he was not drafted in the 1988 NBA Draft after attending four colleges in his native Oklahoma , including Oklahoma State University , he gained fame while playing for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association in the 1990s .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Secure Digital or ( SD ) is a non-volatile memory card format for use in portable devices , such as mobile phones , digital cameras , GPS navigation devices , and tablet computers .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The Secure Digital standard is maintained by the SD Card Association ( SDA ) .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	SD technologies have been implemented in more than 400 brands across dozens of product categories and more than 8,000 models .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The Secure Digital format includes four card families available in three different form factors .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The four families are the original Standard-Capacity ( SDSC ) , the High-Capacity ( SDHC ) , the eXtended-Capacity ( SDXC ) , and the SDIO , which combines input/output functions with data storage .	1
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The three form factors are the original size , the `` mini '' size , and the `` micro '' size ( see illustration ) .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	There are many combinations of form factors and device families .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Electrically passive adapters allow the use of a smaller card in a host device built to hold a larger card .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Host devices that comply with newer versions of the specification provide backward compatibility and accept older SD cards , but this article explains several factors that can prevent the use of a newer SD card:	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	A newer card may offer greater capacity than the host device can handle .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	A newer card may use a file system the host device can not navigate .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Use of an SDIO card requires the host device be designed for the input/output functions the card provides .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The organization of the card was changed starting with the SDHC family .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Some vendors produced SDSC cards above 1 GB before the SDA had standardized a method of doing so .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The SDA uses several trademarked logos to enforce compliance with its specifications and assure users of compatibility .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	Hugh John Mungo Grant ( born 9 September 1960 ) is a British actor and film producer .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	He has received a Golden Globe , a BAFTA , and an Honorary César .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	His films have earned more than US $ 2.4 billion from 25 theatrical releases worldwide .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	Grant achieved international stardom after appearing in Richard Curtis 's successful Four Weddings and a Funeral ( 1994 ) .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	He used this breakthrough role as a frequent cinematic persona during the 1990s , delivering comic performances in mainstream films like Mickey Blue Eyes ( 1999 ) and Notting Hill ( 1999 ) .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	By the turn of the 21st century , he had established himself as a leading man skilled with a satirical comic talent .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	Grant has expanded his oeuvre with critically acclaimed turns as a cad in Bridget Jones 's Diary ( 2001 ) , About A Boy ( 2002 ) , Love Actually ( 2003 ) , and American Dreamz ( 2006 ) .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	He later played against type with multiple cameo roles in the epic drama film Cloud Atlas ( 2012 ) .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	Within the film industry , Grant is cited as an anti-film star who approaches his roles like a character actor , and attempts to make his acting appear spontaneous .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	Hallmarks of his comic skills include a nonchalant touch of irony / sarcasm and studied physical mannerisms as well as his precisely-timed dialogue delivery and facial expressions .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	The entertainment media 's coverage of Grant 's life off the big screen has often overshadowed his work as a thespian .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	He has been vocal about his disrespect for the profession of acting , and in his disdain towards the culture of celebrity and hostility towards the media .	0
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together	In a career spanning 30 years , Grant has repeatedly claimed that acting is not a true calling but just a job he fell into .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The Han Dynasty ( ; ) ( 206 BC – 220 AD ) was an imperial dynasty of China , preceded by the Qin Dynasty ( 221–207 BC ) and succeeded by the Three Kingdoms ( 220–280 AD ) .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	It was founded by the rebel leader Liu Bang , known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu of Han .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	It was briefly interrupted by the Xin Dynasty ( 9–23 AD ) of the former regent Wang Mang .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	This interregnum separates the Han into two periods : the Western Han ( 206 BC – 9 AD ) and Eastern Han ( 25–220 AD ) .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Spanning over four centuries , the period of the Han Dynasty is considered a golden age in Chinese history .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	To this day , China 's majority ethnic group refers to itself as the `` Han people '' and the Chinese script is referred to as `` Han characters `` .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The Han Empire was divided into areas directly controlled by the central government , known as commanderies , and a number of semi-autonomous kingdoms .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	These kingdoms gradually lost all vestiges of their independence , particularly following the Rebellion of the Seven States .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The Xiongnu , a nomadic confederation which dominated the eastern Eurasian Steppe , defeated the Han army in battle in 200 BC .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Following the defeat , a political marriage alliance was negotiated in which the Han became the de facto inferior partner .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	When , despite the treaty , the Xiongnu continued to raid Han borders , Emperor Wu of Han ( r. 141–87 BC ) launched several military campaigns against them .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The ultimate Han victory in these wars eventually forced the Xiongnu to accept vassal status as Han tributaries .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	These campaigns expanded Han sovereignty into the Tarim Basin of Central Asia and helped establish the vast trade network known as the Silk Road , which reached as far as the Mediterranean world .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Han forces managed to divide the Xiongnu into two competing nations , the Southern and Northern Xiongnu , and forced the Northern Xiongnu across the Ili River .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Despite these victories , the territories north of Han 's borders were quickly overrun by the nomadic Xianbei Confederation .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	After 92 AD , the palace eunuchs increasingly involved themselves in court politics , engaging in violent power struggles between the various consort clans of the empresses and empress dowagers , causing the Han 's ultimate downfall .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Imperial authority was also seriously challenged by large Daoist religious societies which instigated the Yellow Turban Rebellion and the Five Pecks of Rice Rebellion .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Following the death of Emperor Ling ( r. 168–189 AD ) , the palace eunuchs suffered wholesale massacre by military officers , allowing members of the aristocracy and military governors to become warlords and divide the empire .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	When Cao Pi , King of Wei , usurped the throne from Emperor Xian , the Han Dynasty ceased to exist .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The Han Dynasty was an age of economic prosperity and saw a significant growth of the money economy first established during the Zhou Dynasty ( c. 1050–256 BC ) .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The coinage issued by the central government mint in 119 BC remained the standard coinage of China until the Tang Dynasty ( 618–907 AD ) .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	To pay for its military campaigns and the settlement of newly conquered frontier territories , the government nationalized the private salt and iron industries in 117 BC .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	These government monopolies were repealed during the Eastern Han period , and the lost revenue was recouped through heavily taxing private entrepreneurs .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	The emperor was at the pinnacle of Han society .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	He presided over the Han government but shared power with both the nobility and appointed ministers who came largely from the scholarly gentry class .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	From the reign of Emperor Wu onward , the Chinese court officially sponsored Confucianism in education and court politics , synthesized with the cosmology of later scholars such as Dong Zhongshu .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	This policy endured until the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 AD .	0
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty	Science and technology during the Han period saw significant advances , including papermaking , the nautical steering rudder , the use of negative numbers in mathematics , the raised-relief map , the hydraulic -powered armillary sphere for astronomy , and a seismometer employing an inverted pendulum .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Tourette syndrome ( also called Tourette 's syndrome , Tourette 's disorder , Gilles de la Tourette syndrome , GTS or , more commonly , simply Tourette 's or TS ) is an inherited neuropsychiatric disorder with onset in childhood , characterized by multiple physical ( motor ) tics and at least one vocal ( phonic ) tic .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	These tics characteristically wax and wane , can be suppressed temporarily , and are preceded by a premonitory urge .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Tourette 's is defined as part of a spectrum of tic disorders , which includes transient and chronic tics .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Tourette 's was once considered a rare and bizarre syndrome , most often associated with the exclamation of obscene words or socially inappropriate and derogatory remarks ( coprolalia ) , but this symptom is present in only a small minority of people with Tourette 's .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Tourette 's is no longer considered a rare condition , but it is not always correctly identified because most cases are mild and the severity of tics decreases for most children as they pass through adolescence .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Between 0.4 % and 3.8 % of children ages 5 to 18 may have Tourette 's ; the prevalence of transient and chronic tics in school-age children is higher , with the more common tics of eye blinking , coughing , throat clearing , sniffing , and facial movements .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Extreme Tourette 's in adulthood is a rarity , and Tourette 's does not adversely affect intelligence or life expectancy .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Genetic and environmental factors play a role in the etiology of Tourette 's , but the exact causes are unknown .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	In most cases , medication is unnecessary .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	There is no effective treatment for every case of tics , but certain medications and therapies can help when their use is warranted .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Education is an important part of any treatment plan , and explanation and reassurance alone are often sufficient treatment .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	Comorbid conditions ( co-occurring diagnoses other than Tourette 's ) such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) and obsessive–compulsive disorder ( OCD ) are present in many patients seen in tertiary specialty clinics .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	These other conditions often cause more functional impairment to the individual than the tics that are the hallmark of Tourette 's , hence it is important to correctly identify comorbid conditions and treat them .	0
how frequently does tourettes occur	The eponym was bestowed by Jean-Martin Charcot ( 1825–1893 ) on behalf of his resident , Georges Albert Édouard Brutus Gilles de la Tourette ( 1859–1904 ) , a French physician and neurologist , who published an account of nine patients with Tourette 's in 1885 .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	Sunbeam badge .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	Sunbeam was a marque registered by John Marston Co. Ltd of Wolverhampton , England , in 1888 .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	The company first made bicycles , then motorcycles and cars from the late 19th century until about 1936 , and applied the marque to all three forms of transportation .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	The company also manufactured aero engines in the First World War and 647 aircraft during the Second World War .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	A Sunbeam was the first British car to win a Grand Prix race , and set a number of land speed records .	0
what car company makes the sunbeam	The company went into receivership in 1935 and was purchased by the Rootes Group , which continued to use the Sunbeam marque .	0
what channel is fox	Fox News Channel ( FNC ) , also known as Fox News , is a cable news channel owned by the Fox Entertainment Group , a subsidiary of News Corporation .	0
what channel is fox	As of April 2009 , the channel was available to 102 million households in the United States and to viewers internationally , broadcasting primarily from its New York studios .	0
what channel is fox	The channel was created by Australian-American media mogul Rupert Murdoch , who hired former NBC executive Roger Ailes as its founding CEO .	0
what channel is fox	It launched on October 7 , 1996 to 17 million cable subscribers .	0
what channel is fox	It grew during the late 1990s and 2000s to become the dominant cable news network in the United States .	0
what channel is fox	Critics have stated that Fox News Channel promotes conservative political positions and biased reporting .	0
what channel is fox	Commentators , news anchors , and reporters at Fox News Channel have responded that news reporting and political commentary operate independently of each other , and have denied any bias in news reporting .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The mandibular first molar or six-year molar is the tooth located distally ( away from the midline of the face ) from both the mandibular second premolars of the mouth but mesial ( toward the midline of the face ) from both mandibular second molars .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	It is located on the mandibular ( lower ) arch of the mouth , and generally opposes the maxillary ( upper ) first molars and the maxillary 2nd premolar in normal class I occlusion .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The function of this molar is similar to that of all molars in regard to grinding being the principal action during mastication , commonly known as chewing .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	There are usually five well-developed cusps on mandibular first molars : two on the buccal ( side nearest the cheek ) , two lingual ( side nearest the tongue ) , and one distal .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	There are great differences between the deciduous ( baby ) mandibular molars and those of the permanent mandibular molars , even though their function are similar .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The permanent mandibular molars are not considered to have any teeth that precede it .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Despite being named molars , the deciduous molars are followed by permanent premolars .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	In the universal system of notation , the deciduous mandibular first molars are designated by a letter written in uppercase .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The right deciduous mandibular first molar is known as `` S '' , and the left one is known as `` L '' .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The international notation has a different system of notation .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Thus , the right deciduous mandibular first molar is known as `` 84 '' , and the left one is known as `` 74 '' .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	In the universal system of notation , the permanent mandibular first molars are designated by a number .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The right permanent mandibular first molar is known as `` 30 '' , and the left one is known as `` 19 '' .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The Palmer notation uses a number in conjunction with a symbol designating in which quadrant the tooth is found .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	For this tooth , the left and right first molars would have the same number , `` 6 '' , but the right one would have the symbol , `` ┐ '' , over it , while the left one would have , `` ┌ '' .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The international notation has a different numbering system than the previous two , and the right permanent mandibular first molar is known as `` 46 '' , and the left one is known as `` 36 '' .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Mandibular primary first molars usually have four pulp horns .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The first molar is usually the first permanent tooth to erupt and has adult undertones .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Anatomy : The mandibular first molar has five cusps : the mesiobuccal ( MB , toward midline and cheek ) , mesiolingual ( ML , toward midline and tongue ) , distolingual ( DL , away from midline and towards tongue ) , distobuccal ( DB , away from midline and toward cheek ) , and distal ( D , away from midline ) , listed in order of decreasing size .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Listed in order of decreasing height they are : ML , DL , DF , MF , and D. An eighth cusp was found in a primary second lower molar in an Argentinean child .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	Viewed from the top of the tooth ( occlusal view ) , the mandibular first molar is pentagonal ( five sided ) in shape and tapers toward the lingual , with the sides being the buccal surface , the mesial surface , the lingual surface , distal surface , and the distobuccal surface .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The occlusal surface has four grooves .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The central groove is not straight but runs down the center of the tooth mesially to distally and contains four pits ( mesial , central , central , and distal ) .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The distobuccal groove runs from the distal pit in the central groove distobuccally separating the distal and distobuccal cusps .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The lingual groove runs from the more distal of the central pits in the central groove toward the lingual surface between the mesiolingual and distolingual cusps .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The buccal groove runs from the more mesial of the central pits in the central groove toward the buccal surface between the mesiobuccal and distobuccal cusps ending in the buccal pit .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The portion of the central groove between the central pits is termed the Lewis offset and is mandatory to account for the locations of the buccal and lingual grooves ( buccal groove being more mesial than the lingual groove while they are parallel ) .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	From the buccal ( buccal view ) , two roots are present .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The distal root is generally straighter , although both often have a slight distal curvature .	0
how many canals in mandibular first molar	The heights of contour on the mesial and distal contact the adjacent teeth and are located at the junction of the occlusal and middle thirds of the crown .	0
how often is the florida legislature in session	The Florida Legislature is the two houses that act as the state legislature of the U.S. state of Florida .	0
how often is the florida legislature in session	The Florida Constitution states that `` The legislative power of the state shall be vested in a legislature of the State of Florida , '' composed of a Senate and House of Representatives .	0
how often is the florida legislature in session	The legislature is seated at the Florida State Capitol in Tallahassee .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	Stained glass depiction of Daniel interceding with Arioch , the king 's guard .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	Arioch had been charged with killing all the wise men after they were not able to interpret Nebuchadnezzar 's dream .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	Daniel 2 is the second chapter of the Book of Daniel in the Hebrew Bible .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	The chapter 's source text is predominantly written in Aramaic .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	According to the text , Nebuchadnezzar is the king of Babylon who is troubled by his dreams .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	He demands an interpretation for his dreams or will have his mystic interpreters executed .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	Daniel seeks Divine Wisdom to interpret the king 's dreams and praises God with a short psalm .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	God gives Daniel a vision in the night to reveal the king 's dream .	0
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3	Able to satisfy the king , Daniel is promoted over the whole province of Babylon .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	One Comcast Center , the headquarters of Comcast in Philadelphia , PA .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	The old Comcast logo from 1969 to 1999 , when it was replaced with the crescent logo .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	The Comcast Corporation is an American provider of entertainment , information and communications products and services .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	It is the largest cable operator , one of the biggest mass media , home Internet service provider , and third largest home telephone service provider in the United States , providing cable television , broadband Internet , telephone service and in some areas home security ( including burglar alarms , surveillance cameras , fire alarm systems and home automation ) to both residential and commercial customers in 40 states and the District of Columbia .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	The company is headquartered in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	In 2011 , Comcast acquired a 51 % majority stake in media conglomerate NBCUniversal from GE in January 2011 , and began the process of purchasing the remaining 49 % on February 12 , 2013 , at a cost of $ 16.7 billion .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	It completed the purchase on March 19 , 2013 .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	Comcast also has significant holding in several cable networks ( including E !	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	Entertainment Television , Style Network , G4 , the Golf Channel and NBC Sports Network ) , distribution ( ThePlatform ) , and related businesses .	0
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet	Comcast has been the subject of criticism for activities including its stance on net neutrality , as well as poor results on customer satisfaction surveys .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines are rodents with a coat of sharp spines , or quills , that defend and camouflage them from predators .	0
what do porcupines eat	They are indigenous to the Americas , southern Asia , and Africa .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines are the third largest of the rodents , behind the capybara and the beaver .	0
what do porcupines eat	Most porcupines are about long , with an long tail .	0
what do porcupines eat	Weighing , they are rounded , large and slow .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines come in various shades of brown , gray , and the unusual white .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines ' spiny protection resembles that of the unrelated erinaceomorph hedgehogs and monotreme echidnas .	0
what do porcupines eat	The common porcupine is a herbivore .	0
what do porcupines eat	It eats leaves , herbs , twigs and green plants like skunk cabbage and clover and in the winter it may eat bark .	1
what do porcupines eat	The North American porcupine often climbs trees to find food .	0
what do porcupines eat	The African porcupine is not a climber and forages on the ground .	0
what do porcupines eat	It is mostly nocturnal , but will sometimes forage for food in the day .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines have become a pest in Kenya and are eaten as a delicacy .	0
what do porcupines eat	The name porcupine comes from Middle French porc espin ( spined pig ) .	0
what do porcupines eat	A regional American name for the animal is quill pig .	0
what did elijah mccoy invent	First page of US patent 129,843 for Improvement in Lubricators for Steam-Engines	0
what did elijah mccoy invent	Elijah J. McCoy ( May 2 , 1844 – October 10 , 1929 ) was a black Canadian-American inventor and engineer , who was notable for his 57 U.S. patents , most to do with lubrication of steam engines .	1
what did elijah mccoy invent	Born free in Canada , he returned as a five-year-old child with his family to the United States in 1847 , where he lived for the rest of his life and became a US citizen .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Honda FCX Clarity , a hydrogen fuel cell demonstration vehicle introduced in 2008	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	A hydrogen vehicle is a vehicle that uses hydrogen as its onboard fuel for motive power .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Hydrogen vehicles include hydrogen fueled space rockets , as well as automobiles and other transportation vehicles .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	The power plants of such vehicles convert the chemical energy of hydrogen to mechanical energy either by burning hydrogen in an internal combustion engine , or by reacting hydrogen with oxygen in a fuel cell to run electric motors .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Widespread use of hydrogen for fueling transportation is a key element of a proposed hydrogen economy .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Hydrogen fuel does not occur naturally on Earth and thus is not an energy source ; rather it is an energy carrier .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	It is most frequently made from methane or other fossil fuels , but it can be produced using sources ( such as wind , solar , or nuclear ) that are intermittent , too diffuse or too cumbersome to directly propel vehicles .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Integrated wind-to-hydrogen plants , using electrolysis of water , are exploring technologies to deliver costs low enough , and quantities great enough , to compete with traditional energy sources .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	Many companies are working to develop technologies that might efficiently exploit the potential of hydrogen energy for mobile uses .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	The attraction of using hydrogen as an energy currency is that , if hydrogen is prepared without using fossil fuel inputs , vehicle propulsion would not contribute to carbon dioxide emissions .	0
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work	The drawbacks of hydrogen use are high capital cost , low energy content per unit volume , high tankage weights , very high storage vessel pressures , the storage , transportation and filling of gaseous or liquid hydrogen in vehicles , the large investment in infrastructure that would be required to fuel vehicles , and the inefficiency of production processes .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County .	0
what district is sacramento ?	It is located at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California 's expansive Central Valley .	0
what district is sacramento ?	With an estimated 2011 population of 477,891 , it is the sixth-largest city in California and the 35th largest city in the United States .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Sacramento is the core cultural and economic center of the Sacramento metropolitan area which includes seven counties with an estimated 2009 population of 2,527,123 .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Its metropolitan area is the fourth largest in California after the Greater Los Angeles Area , San Francisco Bay Area , and the San Diego metropolitan area , as well as the 25th largest in the United States .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Sacramento was cited by Time magazine as America 's most ethnically and racially integrated city in 2002 .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Sacramento became a city through the efforts of the Swiss immigrant John Sutter , Sr. , his son John Sutter , Jr. , and James W. Marshall .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Sacramento grew quickly thanks to the protection of Sutter 's Fort , which was established by Sutter in 1839 .	0
what district is sacramento ?	During the California Gold Rush , Sacramento was a major distribution point , a commercial and agricultural center , and a terminus for wagon trains , stagecoaches , riverboats , the telegraph , the Pony Express , and the First Transcontinental Railroad .	0
what district is sacramento ?	California State University , Sacramento , more commonly known as Sacramento State or Sac State , is the largest local university .	0
what district is sacramento ?	It is one of the twenty-three campuses of the California State University system .	0
what district is sacramento ?	Drexel University Sacramento is located in Downtown , Sacramento .	0
what district is sacramento ?	University of the Pacific 's McGeorge School of Law is located in the Oak Park neighborhood .	0
what district is sacramento ?	In addition , the University of California , Davis is located in nearby Davis , west of the capital .	0
what district is sacramento ?	The UC Davis Medical Center , a world-renowned research hospital , is located in the city of Sacramento .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	The Apple Store is a chain of retail stores owned and operated by Apple Inc. , dealing in computers and consumer electronics .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	The stores sell Macintosh personal computers , software , iPods , iPads , iPhones , third-party accessories , and other consumer electronics such as Apple TV .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	Some high profile stores feature a Theatre for presentations and workshops and a Studio for training with Apple products ; all stores offer a Genius Bar for technical support and repairs , as well as free workshops available to the public .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	Under the leadership of Ron Johnson , the former Senior Vice President of Retail Operations , the Apple Stores have , according to an article in the New York Times , been responsible for `` [ turning ] the boring computer sales floor into a sleek playroom filled with gadgets '' .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	, Apple has 405 stores worldwide , with global sales of billion in merchandise in 2011 , and they lead the United States retail market in terms of sales per unit area .	1
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Steven Paul `` Steve '' Jobs ( ; February 24 , 1955 – October 5 , 2011 ) was an American entrepreneur and inventor , best known as the co-founder , chairman , and CEO of Apple Inc .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Through Apple , he was widely recognized as a charismatic pioneer of the personal computer revolution and for his influential career in the computer and consumer electronics fields , transforming `` one industry after another , from computers and smartphones to music and movies ... ''	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Jobs also co-founded and served as chief executive of Pixar Animation Studios ; he became a member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company in 2006 , when Disney acquired Pixar .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Jobs was among the first to see the commercial potential of Xerox PARC 's mouse -driven graphical user interface , which led to the creation of the Apple Lisa and , one year later , the Macintosh .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	He also played a role in introducing the LaserWriter , one of the first widely available laser printers , to the market .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	After a power struggle with the board of directors in 1985 , Jobs left Apple and founded NeXT , a computer platform development company specializing in the higher-education and business markets .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	In 1986 , he acquired the computer graphics division of Lucasfilm , which was spun off as Pixar .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	He was credited in Toy Story ( 1995 ) as an executive producer .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	He served as CEO and majority shareholder until Disney 's purchase of Pixar in 2006 .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	In 1996 , after Apple had failed to deliver its operating system , Copland , Gil Amelio turned to NeXT Computer , and the NeXTSTEP platform became the foundation for the Mac OS X .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Jobs returned to Apple as an advisor , and took control of the company as an interim CEO .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Jobs brought Apple from near bankruptcy to profitability by 1998 .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	As the new CEO of the company , Jobs oversaw the development of the iMac , iTunes , iPod , iPhone , and iPad , and on the services side , the company 's Apple Retail Stores , iTunes Store and the App Store .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	The success of these products and services provided several years of stable financial returns , and propelled Apple to become the world 's most valuable publicly traded company in 2011 .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	The reinvigoration of the company is regarded by many commentators as one of the greatest turnarounds in business history .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	In 2003 , Jobs was diagnosed with a pancreas neuroendocrine tumor .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Though it was initially treated , he reported a hormone imbalance , underwent a liver transplant in 2009 , and appeared progressively thinner as his health declined .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	On medical leave for most of 2011 , Jobs resigned in August that year , and was elected Chairman of the Board .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	He died of respiratory arrest related to his metastatic tumor on October 5 , 2011 .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	Jobs received a number of honors and public recognition for his influence in the technology and music industries .	0
how much money does steve jobs make a year	He has been referred to as `` legendary '' , a `` futurist '' or simply `` visionary '' , and has been described as the `` Father of the Digital Revolution '' , a `` master of innovation '' , and a `` design perfectionist '' .	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	Entrance to section ( 52 ) of the Colosseum , with numerals still visible	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	Roman numerals , the numeric system in ancient Rome , uses combinations of letters from the Latin alphabet to signify values .	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	The numbers 1 to 10 can be expressed in Roman numerals as follows:	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	and .	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	The Roman numeral system is a cousin of Etruscan numerals .	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	Use of Roman numerals continued after the decline of the Roman Empire .	0
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?	From the 14th century on , Roman numerals began to be replaced in most contexts by more convenient Hindu-Arabic numerals ; however this process was gradual , and the use of Roman numerals in some minor applications continues to this day .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	Effective Nuclear Charge Diagram	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The effective nuclear charge ( often symbolize as or Z* ) is the net positive charge experienced by an electron in a multi-electron atom .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The term `` effective '' is used because the shielding effect of negatively charged electrons prevents higher orbital electrons from experiencing the full nuclear charge by the repelling effect of inner-layer electrons .	1
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The effective nuclear charge experienced by the outer shell electron is also called the core charge .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	It is possible to determine the strength of the nuclear charge by looking at the oxidation number of the atom .	0
what did i miss on newest storm chasers episode	This is a list of episodes from the Discovery Channel series , Storm Chasers .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	A rural stretch of I-5 , with two lanes in each direction separated by a large grassy median , and with cross-traffic limited to overpasses and underpasses	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	The Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways ( commonly known as the Interstate Highway System , Interstate Freeway System , Interstate System , or simply the Interstate ) is a network of freeways that forms a part of the National Highway System of the United States .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	The system is named for President Dwight D. Eisenhower , who championed its formation .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	Construction was authorized by the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956 , and the original portion was completed 35 years later .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	The network has since been extended , and , it had a total length of , making it the world 's second longest after China 's . , about one-quarter of all vehicle miles driven in the country use the Interstate system .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	The cost of construction has been estimated at $ 425 billion ( in 2006 dollars ) , making it the `` largest public works program since the Pyramids `` .	0
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?	The system has contributed in shaping the United States into a world economic superpower and a highly industrialized nation .	0
what domain is eu	.eu is the country code top-level domain ( ccTLD ) for the European Union ( EU ) .	1
what domain is eu	Launched on 7 December 2005 , the domain is available for organisations in and residents of EU member states .	0
what domain is eu	The TLD is administered by EURid , a consortium originally consisting of the national ccTLD registry operators of Belgium , Sweden , and Italy , joined later by the national registry operator of the Czech Republic .	0
what domain is eu	Trademark owners were able to submit registrations through a sunrise period , in an effort to prevent cybersquatting .	0
what domain is eu	Full registration started on 7 April 2006 .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Meister means master in German ( as in master craftsman , or as an honorific title such as Meister Eckhart ) .	1
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	The word is akin to maestro .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	In sports , Meister is used for the current national , European or world champion ( Deutscher Meister , *Europameister , Weltmeister ) .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Many modern day German police forces use the title Meister .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	During the Second World War , Meister was the highest enlisted rank of the Ordnungspolizei .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Meister has been borrowed into English slang , where it is used in compound nouns .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	A person referred to as “Meister” is one who has extensive theoretical knowledge and practical skills in his profession , business , or some other kind of work or activity .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	For example , a “puzzle-meister” would be someone highly skilled at solving puzzles .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	These neologisms sometimes have a sarcastic intent ( for example , “stubble-meister” for someone with a short , neat beard or “crier-meister” for someone who often cries ) .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is an American live-action children 's television series about teenagers with super-powers , based on the 16th installment of the Japanese Super Sentai franchise , Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	Both the show and its related merchandise saw unbridled overnight success , becoming a staple of 1990s pop culture in mere months .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	Under the original name , `` Mighty Morphin Power Rangers '' the series ran from 1993 to 1995 and spawned the feature film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : The Movie .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	The second and third seasons of the show drew on footage and elements from the Super Sentai series Gosei Sentai Dairanger and Ninja Sentai Kakuranger respectively , though the Zyuranger costumes were still used for the five main Rangers and several regular villains .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	Only the mecha and the Kiba Ranger costume ( worn by the White Ranger ) were retained from Dairanger for the second season , while only the mecha from Kakuranger were featured in the third season .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	However the Kakuranger costumes were later used for the title characters of the mini-series , Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	The series was produced by MMPR Productions , distributed by Saban Entertainment , and aired on Fox Kids .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	The show 's merchandise was produced and distributed by Bandai Entertainment .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	In 1996 , the series was rebranded as the Power Rangers franchise ; renaming the series every year after , and using costumes , props , and footage from subsequent Super Sentai series , as well as changing the cast and storyline .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	While an overarching storyline would continue until Power Rangers Lost Galaxy , subsequent series after MMPR are not sequels or spin-offs in the traditional sense .	0
what happened to original pink power rangers	In 2010 , a re-version of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , with a new logo , comic book-referenced graphics , and extra alternative special effects , was broadcast on ABC Kids , and Bandai produced brand new toys to coincide with the series .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Edgar Allan Poe ( born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 – October 7 , 1849 ) was an American author , poet , editor and literary critic , considered part of the American Romantic Movement .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Best known for his tales of mystery and the macabre , Poe was one of the earliest American practitioners of the short story and is generally considered the inventor of the detective fiction genre .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He is further credited with contributing to the emerging genre of science fiction .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He was the first well-known American writer to try to earn a living through writing alone , resulting in a financially difficult life and career .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He was born as Edgar Poe in Boston , Massachusetts ; he was orphaned young when his mother died shortly after his father abandoned the family .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe was taken in by John and Frances Allan , of Richmond , Virginia , but they never formally adopted him .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	After enlisting in the Army and later failing as an officer 's cadet at West Point , Poe parted ways with the Allans .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His publishing career began humbly , with an anonymous collection of poems , Tamerlane and Other Poems ( 1827 ) , credited only to `` a Bostonian '' .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe switched his focus to prose and spent the next several years working for literary journals and periodicals , becoming known for his own style of literary criticism .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His work forced him to move among several cities , including Baltimore , Philadelphia , and New York City .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	In Baltimore in 1835 , he married Virginia Clemm , his 13-year-old cousin .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	In January 1845 Poe published his poem , `` The Raven `` , to instant success .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His wife died of tuberculosis two years after its publication .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He began planning to produce his own journal , The Penn ( later renamed The Stylus ) , though he died before it could be produced .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	On October 7 , 1849 , at age 40 , Poe died in Baltimore ; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol , brain congestion , cholera , drugs , heart disease , rabies , suicide , tuberculosis , and other agents .	1
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe and his works influenced literature in the United States and around the world , as well as in specialized fields , such as cosmology and cryptography .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe and his work appear throughout popular culture in literature , music , films , and television .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	A number of his homes are dedicated museums today .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	The Mystery Writers of America present an annual award known as the Edgar Award for distinguished work in the mystery genre .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	Lions are obligate carnivores ; they require up to seven kilograms ( 15 lbs ) of meat per day .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	A major component of their diet is the flesh of large mammals , like this African buffalo .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	A carnivore ( ) meaning 'meat eater ' ( Latin , caro meaning 'meat ' or 'flesh ' and vorare meaning 'to devour ' ) is an organism that derives its energy and nutrient requirements from a diet consisting mainly or exclusively of animal tissue , whether through predation or scavenging .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	Animals that depend solely on animal flesh for their nutrient requirements are considered carnivores while those that also consume non-animal food are considered carnivores .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	Omnivores also consume both animal and non-animal food , and apart from the more general definition , there is no clearly defined ratio of plant to animal material that would distinguish a facultative carnivore from an omnivore .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	A carnivore that sits at the top of the foodchain is an apex predator .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	Plants that capture and digest insects are called carnivorous plants .	0
how do producers eat carnivores	Similarly , fungi that capture microscopic animals are often called carnivorous fungi .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The FIFA World Cup , often simply the World Cup , is an international association football competition contested by the senior men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930 , except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The current champions are Spain , who won the 2010 tournament .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The current format of the tournament involves 32 teams competing for the title at venues within the host nation ( s ) over a period of about a month ; this phase is often called the World Cup Finals .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	A qualification phase , which currently takes place over the preceding three years , is used to determine which teams qualify for the tournament together with the host nation ( s ) .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The 19 World Cup tournaments have been won by eight different national teams .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	Brazil have won five times , and they are the only team to have played in every tournament .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The other World Cup winners are Italy , with four titles ; Germany , with three titles ; Argentina and inaugural winners Uruguay , with two titles each ; and England , France , and Spain , with one title each .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The World Cup is the world 's most widely viewed sporting event ; an estimated 715.1 million people watched the final match of the 2006 FIFA World Cup held in Germany .	0
how many teams are in the world cup	The next three World Cups will be hosted by Brazil in 2014 , Russia in 2018 , and Qatar in 2022 .	0
how many seasons heroes	Heroes is an American science fiction television drama series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25 , 2006 through February 8 , 2010 .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series tells the stories of ordinary people who discover superhuman abilities , and how these abilities take effect in the characters ' lives .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series emulates the aesthetic style and storytelling of American comic books , using multi-episode story arcs that build upon a larger , more encompassing arc .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series was produced by Tailwind Productions in association with Universal Media Studios .	0
how many seasons heroes	It was filmed primarily in Los Angeles , California .	0
how many seasons heroes	Four complete seasons aired , ending on February 8 , 2010 .	1
how many seasons heroes	The critically acclaimed first season had a run of 23 episodes and garnered an average of 14.3 million viewers in the United States , receiving the highest rating for an NBC drama premiere in five years .	0
how many seasons heroes	The second season of Heroes attracted an average of 13.1 million viewers in the U.S. , and marked NBC 's sole series among the top 20 ranked programs in total viewership for the 2007–2008 season .	0
how many seasons heroes	Heroes has earned a number of awards and nominations , including Primetime Emmy Awards , Golden Globes , People 's Choice Awards and British Academy Television Awards .	0
how many seasons heroes	An online extension of the series , Heroes 360 Experience , later rebranded as Heroes Evolutions , was created to explore the Heroes universe and provides insight into the show 's mythology .	0
how many seasons heroes	Other official Heroes media include magazines , action figures , tie-in and interactive websites , a mobile game , a novel , clothing and other merchandise .	0
how many seasons heroes	In the fall of 2008 , NBC Digital Entertainment released a series of online content for the summer , including more original web content , wireless iTV interactivity , graphic novels available for mobile viewing and webisodes .	0
how many seasons heroes	NBC announced Heroes cancellation on May 14 , 2010 .	0
how many seasons heroes	Afterward , the network considered making a television special event to conclude the series ; however , on September 9 , 2010 , NBC announced the decision to stop any further development of the Heroes franchise .	0
how many seasons heroes	Tim Kring then suggested that the broad premise of Heroes storylines allowed for the franchise to return for fans , but he did not specify when or in what media format .	0
how many seasons heroes	On April 17 , 2013 , TV Line reported that MSN was in talks to revive the series with a new cast .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	John Pierpont `` J. P . ''	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	Morgan ( April 17 , 1837 – March 31 , 1913 ) was an American financier , banker , philanthropist and art collector who dominated corporate finance and industrial consolidation during his time .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	In 1892 Morgan arranged the merger of Edison General Electric and Thomson-Houston Electric Company to form General Electric .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	After financing the creation of the Federal Steel Company , he merged in 1901 with the Carnegie Steel Company and several other steel and iron businesses , including Consolidated Steel and Wire Company owned by William Edenborn , to form the United States Steel Corporation .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	Morgan died in Rome , Italy , in his sleep in 1913 at the age of 75 , leaving his fortune and business to his son , John Pierpont `` Jack '' Morgan , Jr. , and bequeathing his mansion and large book collections to The Morgan Library & Museum in New York .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	At the height of Morgan 's career during the early 1900s , he and his partners had financial investments in many large corporations and were accused by critics of controlling the nation 's high finance .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	He directed the banking coalition that stopped the Panic of 1907 .	0
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?	He was the leading financier of the Progressive Era , and his dedication to efficiency and modernization helped transform American business .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	This is a list of episodes of the television series .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	The episodes were directed by Shigeru Ueda and produced by the Yggdrasil Executive Committee which included Xebec and Genco .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	The plot of the episodes is set in Tokyo and revolves around Rin Asōgi , an immortal private investigator , as she explores the secrets of modern and near-future world and the supernatural events that surround the fictional society of immortals like herself .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	There are large time gaps in the internal chronology between the first five episodes , ranging from one to thirty years .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	The six episodes were broadcast monthly on AT-X channel in Japan , between February 3 and July 6 , 2008 .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	Each episode is 45 minutes long .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	Two pieces of theme music are used for the episodes : the opening theme `` Alsatia '' and the ending theme `` Cause Disarray '' .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	Both were composed and performed by the Japanese metal band Galneryus .	0
how many episodes of mnemosyne	The series was produced to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the AT-X network it originally aired on .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	Aerial photo of FLETC , where US digital forensics standards were developed in the 1980s and '90s	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	Digital forensics ( sometimes known as digital forensic science ) is a branch of forensic science encompassing the recovery and investigation of material found in digital devices , often in relation to computer crime .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	The term digital forensics was originally used as a synonym for computer forensics but has expanded to cover investigation of all devices capable of storing digital data .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	With roots in the personal computing revolution of the late 1970s and early '80s , the discipline evolved in a haphazard manner during the 1990s , and it was not until the early 21st century that national policies emerged .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	Digital forensics investigations have a variety of applications .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	The most common is to support or refute a hypothesis before criminal or civil ( as part of the electronic discovery process ) courts .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	Forensics may also feature in the private sector ; such as during internal corporate investigations or intrusion investigation ( a specialist probe into the nature and extent of an unauthorized network intrusion ) .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	The technical aspect of an investigation is divided into several sub-branches , relating to the type of digital devices involved ; computer forensics , network forensics , forensic data analysis and mobile device forensics .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	The typical forensic process encompasses the seizure , forensic imaging ( acquisition ) and analysis of digital media and the production of a report into collected evidence .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	As well as identifying direct evidence of a crime , digital forensics can be used to attribute evidence to specific suspects , confirm alibis or statements , determine intent , identify sources ( for example , in copyright cases ) , or authenticate documents .	0
what crimes do not have digital evidence	Investigations are much broader in scope than other areas of forensic analysis ( where the usual aim is to provide answers to a series of simpler questions ) often involving complex time-lines or hypotheses .	0
what color space should i use	A comparison of the chromaticities enclosed by some color spaces .	0
what color space should i use	A color model is an abstract mathematical model describing the way colors can be represented as tuples of numbers , typically as three or four values or color components ( e.g . RGB and CMYK are color models ) .	0
what color space should i use	However , a color model with no associated mapping function to an absolute color space is a more or less arbitrary color system with no connection to any globally understood system of color interpretation .	0
what color space should i use	Adding a certain mapping function between the color model and a certain reference color space results in a definite `` footprint '' within the reference color space .	0
what color space should i use	This `` footprint '' is known as a gamut , and , in combination with the color model , defines a new color space .	0
what color space should i use	For example , Adobe RGB and sRGB are two different absolute color spaces , both based on the RGB model .	0
what color space should i use	In the most generic sense of the definition above , color spaces can be defined without the use of a color model .	0
what color space should i use	These spaces , such as Pantone , are in effect a given set of names or numbers which are defined by the existence of a corresponding set of physical color swatches .	0
what color space should i use	This article focuses on the mathematical model concept .	0
what holiday is first weekend of september	Labor Day is an American federal holiday observed on the first Monday in September , that celebrates the economic and social contributions of workers .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	Life insurance is a contract between an insured ( insurance policy holder ) and an insurer , where the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money ( the `` benefits '' ) upon the death of the insured person .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	Depending on the contract , other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	The policy holder typically pays a premium , either regularly or as a lump sum .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Other expenses ( such as funeral expenses ) are also sometimes included in the benefits .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Life policies are legal contracts and the terms of the contract describe the limitations of the insured events .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Specific exclusions are often written into the contract to limit the liability of the insurer ; common examples are claims relating to suicide , fraud , war , riot and civil commotion .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Life-based contracts tend to fall into two major categories:	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Protection policies – designed to provide a benefit in the event of specified event , typically a lump sum payment .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	A common form of this design is term insurance .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Investment policies – where the main objective is to facilitate the growth of capital by regular or single premiums .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Common forms ( in the US ) are whole life , universal life and variable life policies .	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	{ { Infobox Holiday	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	Chinese New Year	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	9 – 12 February ( Vietnam )	1
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Mitzi Gaynor Donahue ( born May 2 , 1962 in Yorba Linda , Orange County , California ) is an American actress , also credited and more popularly known as Mitzi Kapture .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Kapture began her career in films , most of which were not huge commercial successes .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	She went on to make a few television guest appearances ( MacGyver , 1st & Ten , and as a contestant on The $ 100,000 Pyramid ) before she gained international exposure with her first major television role as Sergeant Rita Lee Lance in the television series Silk Stalkings .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Kapture 's role as Rita , the other half of the two `` Sams '' for almost 5 years , cemented her popularity .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Paired with Rob Estes who played Sergeant Chris Lorenzo , Kapture gained global recognition along with her costar since the show was broadcast in several countries .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Sergeant Lance eventually became Lieutenant Lance by the time Kapture left the series in 1995 to have her first child Madison .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	During her time with the series , Kapture briefly sat in the director 's chair , for two episodes .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	She was interviewed for the Silk Stalkings Season 1 DVD which was distributed by Anchor Bay Entertainment and released in September 2004 .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	After a short hiatus from the screen following her exit from Silk Stalkings , Kapture returned in 1997 to the small screen and USA Network .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	She played lead roles in two USA Pictures Originals telemovies , Perfect Crime ( based on a true story , also called Hide and Seek : The Joanne Jensen Story ) , which also starred Jasmine Guy and His Bodyguard .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	She later starred in a few other independent film projects and theatre productions and had several television guest appearances .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Kapture also had a recurring role on Baywatch as Alexis Ryker .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	She played Anita Hodges on The Young and the Restless from 2002 through 2004 , where she was credited as Mitzi Kapture Donahue , and starred in the made-for-TV movie Night of Terror which premiered March 26 , 2006 on Lifetime Network .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Her latest is a supporting role in God 's Ears , released in 2007 .	0
what happened to Mitzi Kapture	Kapture is the official celebrity spokesperson for the Xeroderma Pigmentosum Society .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 is the second video game console developed by and produced for Microsoft and the successor to the Xbox .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 competes with Sony 's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	As of September 30 , 2012 , 70 million Xbox 360 consoles have been sold worldwide .	1
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 was officially unveiled on MTV on May 12 , 2005 , with detailed launch and game information divulged later that month at the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The console sold out completely upon release in all regions except in Japan .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	Several major features of the Xbox 360 are its integrated Xbox Live service that allows players to compete online ; download arcade games , game demos , trailers , TV shows , music and movies ; and its Windows Media Center multimedia capabilities .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox Live also offers access to various ( often region-specific ) third-party media streaming applications .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	At their E3 presentation on June 14 , 2010 , Microsoft announced a redesigned Xbox 360 that would ship on the same day .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The redesigned console is slimmer than the previous Xbox 360 model and features integrated 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi , TOSLINK S/PDIF optical audio output , five USB 2.0 ports ( compared to the three from older versions ) and a special AUX port .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	Older models of the Xbox 360 have since been discontinued .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The first new console to be released features a 250 GB hard drive , while a later , less expensive SKU features 4 GB internal storage .	0
how is a backpack made	Backpack may also refer to a 2001 novel by Emily Barr	0
how is a backpack made	A modern backpack	0
how is a backpack made	Swiss army backpack ca . 1960	0
how is a backpack made	Integrated bearer frame .	0
how is a backpack made	A backpack ( also called rucksack , knapsack , packsack , pack ) is , in its simplest form , a cloth sack carried on one 's back and secured with two straps that go over the shoulders , but there can be exceptions .	0
how is a backpack made	Lightweight types of backpacks are sometimes worn on only one shoulder strap .	0
how is a backpack made	Backpacks are often preferred to handbags for carrying heavy loads or carrying any sort of equipment , because of the limited capacity to carry heavy weights for long periods of time in the hands .	0
how is a backpack made	Large backpacks , used to carry loads over 10 kg ( 22 lbs ) , usually offload the largest part ( up to about 90 % ) of their weight onto padded hip belts , leaving the shoulder straps mainly for stabilising the load .	0
how is a backpack made	This improves the potential to carry heavy loads , as the hips are stronger than the shoulders , and also increases agility and balance , since the load rides nearer the wearer 's own center of mass .	0
how is a backpack made	In ancient times , the backpack was used as a means to carry the hunter 's larger game and other types of prey and as a way of easier transport for other materials .	0
how is a backpack made	In the cases of larger hunts , the hunters would dismember their prey and distribute the pieces of the animal around , each one packing the meat into many wrappings and then into bags which they placed on to their backs .	0
how is a backpack made	The bag itself was made up of different animal hide and skin ( depending on what sorts of animals were in the area ) and sewn together by the intestines of said animals , which were woven together tightly to make a sturdy thread-like material .	1
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico ( ; ; ) , officially the United Mexican States ( ) , is a federal constitutional republic in North America .	1
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	It is bordered on the north by the United States ; on the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; on the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and on the east by the Gulf of Mexico .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Covering almost two million square kilometres ( over 760,000 sq mi ) , Mexico is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent nation in the world .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	With an estimated population of over 113 million , it is the world 's eleventh most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico is a federation comprising thirty-one states and a Federal District , the capital city .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In pre-Columbian Mexico many cultures matured into advanced civilizations such as the Olmec , the Toltec , the Teotihuacan , the Zapotec , the Maya and the Aztec before first contact with Europeans .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In 1521 , Spain conquered and colonized the territory from its base in México-Tenochtitlan , which was administered as the Viceroyalty of New Spain .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	This territory would eventually become Mexico following recognition of the colony 's independence in 1821 .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The post-independence period was characterized by economic instability , the Mexican-American War and territorial cession to the United States , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The latter led to the Mexican Revolution in 1910 , which culminated with the promulgation of the 1917 Constitution and the emergence of the country 's current political system .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Elections held in July 2000 marked the first time that an opposition party won the presidency from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Since 2006 the country has been in the midst of a drug war which has caused 60,000 deaths .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico has one of the world 's largest economies , and is considered both a regional power and middle power .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In addition , Mexico was the first Latin American member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ( since 1994 ) , and considered an upper-middle income country by the World Bank .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico is considered a newly industrialized country and an emerging power .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	It has the fourteenth largest nominal GDP and the eleventh largest GDP by purchasing power parity .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The economy is strongly linked to those of its North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) partners , especially the United States of America .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico ranks sixth in the world and first in the Americas by number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites with 31 , and in 2007 was the tenth most visited country in the world with 21.4 million international arrivals per year .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	Babe Ruth holds the MLB career slugging percentage record ( .690 ) .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	In baseball statistics , slugging percentage ( abbreviated SLG ) is a popular measure of the power of a hitter .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	It is calculated as total bases divided by at bats :	1
how is slugging percentage calculated	where AB is the number of at-bats for a given player , and 1B , 2B , 3B , and HR are the number of singles , doubles , triples , and home runs , respectively .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	Walks are specifically excluded from this calculation .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	For example , in 1920 , Babe Ruth played his first season for the New York Yankees .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	In 458 at bats , Ruth had 172 hits , comprising 73 singles , 36 doubles , 9 triples , and 54 home runs , which brings the total base count to ( 73 × 1 ) + ( 36 × 2 ) + ( 9 × 3 ) + ( 54 × 4 ) = 388 .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	His total number of bases ( 388 ) divided by his total at-bats ( 458 ) is .847 , his slugging percentage for the season .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	The next year he slugged .846 , and these records went unbroken until 2001 , when Barry Bonds achieved 411 bases in 476 at-bats , bringing his slugging percentage to .863 , unmatched since .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	is a role-playing video game developed and published by Square ( now Square Enix ) for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1995 .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Chrono Trigger 's development team included three designers that Square dubbed the `` Dream Team '' : Hironobu Sakaguchi , the creator of Square 's Final Fantasy series ; Yuji Horii , a freelance designer and creator of Enix 's popular Dragon Quest series ; and Akira Toriyama , a freelance manga artist famed for his work with Dragon Quest and Dragon Ball .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Kazuhiko Aoki produced the game , Masato Kato wrote most of the plot , while composer Yasunori Mitsuda scored most of the game before falling ill and deferring remaining tracks to Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	The game 's story follows a group of adventurers who travel through time to prevent a global catastrophe .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Square re-released a ported version by Tose in Japan for Sony 's PlayStation in 1999 , later repackaged with a Final Fantasy IV port as Final Fantasy Chronicles in 2001 for the North American market .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	A slightly enhanced Chrono Trigger was released for the Nintendo DS on November 25 , 2008 , in North America and Japan , and went on sale in Australia on February 3 , 2009 and in Europe on February 6 , 2009 .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	The game was never released in PAL territories before the Nintendo DS version .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Chrono Trigger was a critical and commercial success upon release and is considered today to be one of the greatest video games of all time .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Nintendo Power magazine described aspects of Chrono Trigger as revolutionary , including its multiple endings , plot-related sidequests focusing on character development , unique battle system , and detailed graphics .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Chrono Trigger was the third best-selling game of 1995 , and the game 's SNES and PlayStation iterations have shipped 2.65 million copies as of March 2003 .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	The version for the Nintendo DS sold 790,000 copies as of March 2009 .	0
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Chrono Trigger was also ported to mobile phones , Virtual Console , the PlayStation Network ( only in the USA ) , iOS devices , and Android devices .	0
what cheese is made from goat 's milk	Goat cheese	0
what cheese is made from goat 's milk	Goat cheese , or chèvre ( from the French word for goat ) , is cheese made out of the milk of goats .	1
how does heat stroke affect the heart	Hyperthermia is elevated body temperature due to failed thermoregulation that occurs when a body produces or absorbs more heat than it dissipates .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	Extreme temperature elevation then becomes a medical emergency requiring immediate treatment to prevent disability or death .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	The most common causes include heat stroke and adverse reactions to drugs .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	The former is an acute temperature elevation caused by exposure to excessive heat , or combination of heat and humidity , that overwhelms the heat-regulating mechanisms .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	The latter is a relatively rare side effect of many drugs , particularly those that affect the central nervous system .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	Malignant hyperthermia is a rare complication of some types of general anesthesia .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	Hyperthermia can also be deliberately induced using drugs or medical devices and may be used in the treatment of some kinds of cancer and other conditions , most commonly in conjunction with radiotherapy .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	Hyperthermia differs from fever in that the body 's temperature set point remains unchanged .	0
how does heat stroke affect the heart	The opposite is hypothermia , which occurs when the temperature drops below that required to maintain normal metabolism .	0
what country is belize in	Belize , is a country located on the northeastern coast of Central America .	1
what country is belize in	It is the only country in the area where English is the official language , although Kriol and Spanish are more commonly spoken .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is bordered on the north by Mexico , to the south and west by Guatemala and to the east by the Caribbean Sea .	0
what country is belize in	Its mainland is about long and wide .	0
what country is belize in	With of land and a population of only 312,698 inhabitants ( 2010 census ) , Belize possesses the lowest population density in Central America .	0
what country is belize in	The country 's population growth rate of 3.15 % ( 2012 est . ) is the second highest in the region and one of the highest in the western hemisphere .	0
what country is belize in	Belize 's abundance of terrestrial and marine species , and its diversity of ecosystems give it a key place within the globally significant Mesoamerican Biological Corridor .	0
what country is belize in	Belize has a diverse society , comprising many cultures and languages .	0
what country is belize in	It is the only nation in the region with a British colonial heritage , but as a part of the Western Caribbean Zone , it also shares a common heritage with the fellow Anglophone Caribbean countries .	0
what country is belize in	In general , Belize is considered to be a Central American and Caribbean nation with strong ties to both the Caribbean and Latin America .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) , the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELAC ) , and Central American Integration System ( SICA ) .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is known for its September Celebrations , and is the birthplace of chewing gum and Punta Rock .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The `` Betsy Ross '' flag	0
how many stars on the first american flag	A `` Betsy Ross '' flag flying outside San Francisco City Hall	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The Betsy Ross flag is an early design of the flag of the United States , popularly attributed to Betsy Ross , using the common motifs of alternating red-and-white striped field with five-pointed stars in a blue canton .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The flag was designed during the American Revolution and features 13 stars to represent the original 13 colonies .	1
how many stars on the first american flag	The distinctive feature of the Ross flag is the arrangement of the stars in a circle .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	Although the Betsy Ross story is accepted by most Americans , some flag historians and revisionists do not accept the Betsy Ross design as the first American flag .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	According to the traditional account , the original flag was made in June 1776 , when a small committee—including George Washington , Robert Morris and relative George Ross —visited Betsy and discussed the need for a new American flag .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	Betsy accepted the job to manufacture the flag , altering the committee 's design by replacing the six-pointed stars with five-pointed stars .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	While the Betsy Ross legend is questionable , the flag design is known to have been in use by 1777 ; Alfred B . Street described it at the surrender of General Burgoyne and understood the circle of stars to represent equality among the American states .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	It is one of the oldest versions of U.S. flags known to exist ; while it is not the oldest surviving flag artifact in cloth form , its likeness appears on older physical relics , namely , the contemporary battlefield paintings by John Trumbull and Charles Willson Peale .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	They depict the circular star arrangement being flown from ship masts and many other places , and thus provide the first known historical documentation of the flag 's appearance .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The seal of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs uses the Betsy Ross flag to represent service to all veterans from the American Revolution to the present day .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The Betsy Ross design of 13-star US flags has been featured in many popular artworks ( sometimes inaccurately , as in Washington Crossing the Delaware ) and films , such as the 1960 version of Pollyanna .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The flag continues to be one of the most popular symbols of the American Revolution .	0
how does a cat purr	A purr is a sound made by all species of felids and is a part of cat communication .	0
how does a cat purr	It varies between cats ( for example by loudness and tone ) , and from species to species , but can be characterized as a tonal buzzing .	0
how does a cat purr	The term `` purring '' has been used liberally in literature , and it has been claimed that viverrids ( civet , mongoose , genet ) , bears , badgers , hyaenas ( et cetera ) purr .	0
how does a cat purr	Other animals that have been said to purr are rabbits , squirrels , guinea pigs , tapirs , ring-tailed lemurs , elephants , raccoons and gorillas while eating .	0
how does a cat purr	However , using a strict definition of purring that continuous sound production must alternate between pulmonic egressive and ingressive airstream ( and usually go on for minutes ) , Peters ( 2002 ) , in an exhaustive review of the scientific literature , reached the conclusion that until then only ‘purring cats’ ( Felidae ) and two species of genets , Genetta tigrina , and most likely also Genetta genetta , had been documented to purr .	1
what do platypus eat	The platypus ( Ornithorhynchus anatinus ) is a semiaquatic mammal endemic to eastern Australia , including Tasmania .	0
what do platypus eat	Together with the four species of echidna , it is one of the five extant species of monotremes , the only mammals that lay eggs instead of giving birth .	0
what do platypus eat	It is the sole living representative of its family ( Ornithorhynchidae ) and genus ( Ornithorhynchus ) , though a number of related species have been found in the fossil record .	0
what do platypus eat	The unusual appearance of this egg-laying , duck -billed , beaver -tailed , otter -footed mammal baffled European naturalists when they first encountered it , with some considering it an elaborate fraud .	0
what do platypus eat	It is one of the few venomous mammals , the male platypus having a spur on the hind foot that delivers a venom capable of causing severe pain to humans .	0
what do platypus eat	The unique features of the platypus make it an important subject in the study of evolutionary biology and a recognisable and iconic symbol of Australia ; it has appeared as a mascot at national events and is featured on the reverse of its 20-cent coin .	0
what do platypus eat	The platypus is the animal emblem of the state of New South Wales .	0
what do platypus eat	Until the early 20th century , it was hunted for its fur , but it is now protected throughout its range .	0
what do platypus eat	Although captive breeding programmes have had only limited success and the platypus is vulnerable to the effects of pollution , it is not under any immediate threat .	0
what county is St. Elizabeth MO in	St. Elizabeth is a village in Miller County , Missouri , United States .	1
what county is St. Elizabeth MO in	The population was 336 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is wilton ca in	Wilton is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Sacramento County , California , United States .	1
what county is wilton ca in	It is part of the Sacramento – Arden-Arcade – Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
what county is wilton ca in	The population was 5,363 at the 2010 census , up from 4,551 at the 2000 census .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	In human-computer interaction , cut and paste and copy and paste are related commands that offer a user-interface interaction technique for transferring text , data , files or objects from a source to a destination .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	Most ubiquitously , users require the ability to cut and paste sections of plain text .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	The cut command removes the selected data from its original position , while the copy command creates a duplicate ; in both cases the selected data is placed in a clipboard .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	The data in the clipboard is later inserted in the position where the paste command is issued .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	The command names are an interface metaphor based on the physical procedure used in manuscript editing to create a page layout .	0
what does the term means by paste and text	This interaction technique has close associations with related techniques in graphical user interfaces that use pointing devices such as a computer mouse ( by drag and drop , for example ) .	0
how do we calculate the cost of ordering inventory , pp ?	Economic order quantity is the order quantity that minimizes total inventory holding costs and ordering costs .	0
how do we calculate the cost of ordering inventory , pp ?	It is one of the oldest classical production scheduling models .	0
how do we calculate the cost of ordering inventory , pp ?	The framework used to determine this order quantity is also known as Barabas EOQ Model or Barabas Formula .	0
how do we calculate the cost of ordering inventory , pp ?	The model was developed by Ford W. Harris in 1913 , but R. H. Wilson , a consultant who applied it extensively , is given credit for his in-depth analysis .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Stephen `` Stevie '' Ray Vaughan ( October 3 , 1954 – August 27 , 1990 ) was an American guitarist , singer-songwriter , and record producer .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Often referred to by his initials SRV , Vaughan is best known as a founding member and leader of Double Trouble .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Together with drummer Chris Layton and bassist Tommy Shannon , they ignited the blues revival of the 1980s .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	With a career spanning seven years , Vaughan and Double Trouble consistently sold out concerts while their albums frequently went gold .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was born and raised in Dallas , Texas , and for a short period of time lived in Graham , Texas .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	As the younger brother of Jimmie Vaughan , Vaughan started playing the guitar at age seven and formed several bands that occasionally performed in local nightclubs .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	At age 17 , he dropped out of high school and moved to Austin to further pursue his musical career , joining groups such as Krackerjack , the Nightcrawlers , and the Cobras .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In 1977 , he formed Triple Threat Revue , a band that eventually evolved into Double Trouble and regularly performed around Austin .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In 1982 , Vaughan and Double Trouble performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland , catching the attention of musicians David Bowie and Jackson Browne .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Bowie asked Vaughan to play on his upcoming studio album Let 's Dance , while Browne offered the band free use of his personal studio in Los Angeles to record an album .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In March 1983 , Vaughan and Double Trouble were signed to Epic Records by veteran record producer John Hammond Sr. and released their debut album , Texas Flood in June of that year .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	After successful touring , the group released the albums , Could n't Stand the Weather ( 1984 ) and Soul to Soul ( 1985 ) , the latter of which featured new keyboardist Reese Wynans .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Although his career had progressed successfully , Vaughan checked into a rehabilitation hospital in Atlanta , Georgia to give up a cocaine and alcohol habit and returned to touring with the band .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In June 1989 , In Step was released and earned them a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Performance .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	On August 27 , 1990 , Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash following a performance in East Troy , Wisconsin .	1
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Vaughan 's uniquely eclectic yet intense style was derived from a variety of musical genres .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was influenced by blues musicians including Albert King , Freddie King , Otis Rush , and Muddy Waters , and rock guitarists such as Jimi Hendrix and Lonnie Mack .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	His guitar playing reflected the classic blues and pentatonic scales .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He has received wide critical recognition for his guitar playing , ranking at # 6 on Rolling Stones list of `` 100 Greatest Guitarists '' in 2011 .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was posthumously inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 2000 and a memorial statue was erected in Austin 's Auditorium Shores park .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Stevie Ray Vaughan is widely considered to be one of the greatest musicians to come from the state of Texas .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The Las Vegas Strip World of Coca-Cola museum in 2003	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	Coca-Cola is a carbonated soft drink sold in stores , restaurants , and vending machines in every country except Cuba and North Korea .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	It is produced by The Coca-Cola Company of Atlanta , Georgia , and is often referred to simply as Coke ( a registered trademark of The Coca-Cola Company in the United States since March 27 , 1944 ) .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	Originally intended as a patent medicine when it was invented in the late 19th century by John Pemberton , Coca-Cola was bought out by businessman Asa Griggs Candler , whose marketing tactics led Coke to its dominance of the world soft-drink market throughout the 20th century .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The company produces concentrate , which is then sold to licensed Coca-Cola bottlers throughout the world .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The bottlers , who hold territorially exclusive contracts with the company , produce finished product in cans and bottles from the concentrate in combination with filtered water and sweeteners .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The bottlers then sell , distribute and merchandise Coca-Cola to retail stores and vending machines .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	Such bottlers include Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is the largest single Coca-Cola bottler in North America and western Europe .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The Coca-Cola Company also sells concentrate for soda fountains to major restaurants and food service distributors .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The Coca-Cola Company has , on occasion , introduced other cola drinks under the Coke brand name .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	The most common of these is Diet Coke , with others including Caffeine-Free Coca-Cola , Diet Coke Caffeine-Free , Coca-Cola Cherry , Coca-Cola Zero , Coca-Cola Vanilla , and special versions with lemon , lime or coffee .	0
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting	Based on Interbrand 's best global brand 2011 , Coca-Cola was the world 's most valuable brand .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Barry Louis Larkin ( born April 28 , 1964 ) is a retired Major League Baseball player .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin played shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds from 1986 to 2004 and was one of the pivotal players on the 1990 Reds ' World Series championship team .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in January 2012 and was inducted on July 22 .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin is considered one of the top players of his era , winning nine Silver Slugger awards and three Gold Glove awards .	1
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	He was selected to the Major League All-Star Game twelve times , and was elected the 1995 National League Most Valuable Player .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília ( ) is the federal capital of Brazil and the seat of government of the Federal District .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Administratively , the city is located in the Federal District which is in the Central-West Region .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Physically , it is located in the Brazilian Highlands .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	It has a population of about 2,562,963 ( 3,716,996 in the metropolitan area ) as of the 2008 IBGE estimate , making it the fourth largest city in Brazil .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	However , as a metropolitan area , it ranks lower at sixth in population .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília is the largest city in the world that did not exist at the beginning of the 20th century .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília has the fifth largest GDP among Latin American cities and the third in Brazil .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	At around R $ 62,000 Brazilian reais ( equal to approximately $ 30,900 US dollars or €23,000 euros ) , the city 's per capita income is the highest among Brazil 's largest cities .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	As the national capital , Brasília is the seat of all three branches of the federal government of Brazil .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	The city also hosts the headquarters of many Brazilian companies .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Planning policies such as the location of residential buildings around expansive urban areas , as well as building the city around large avenues and dividing it into sectors , have sparked a debate and reflection on life in big cities in the 20th century .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	The city 's design divides it into numbered blocks as well as sectors for specified activities , such as the Hotel Sector , the Banking Sector or the Embassy Sector .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília hosts 124 foreign embassies .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	The city was planned and developed in 1956 with Lúcio Costa as the principal urban planner , Oscar Niemeyer as the principal architect and Roberto Burle Marx as the landscape designer .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasilia is in the Unesco 's World Hertitage List due to its architecture .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	On April 22 , 1960 , it formally became Brazil 's national capital .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Viewed from above , the main portion of the city resembles an airplane or a butterfly .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Residents of Brasília are known as brasilienses or candangos ( the latter referring to those not born in the city but who migrated there after it was established ) .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	In local usage , the word `` Brasília '' usually refers only to the First Administrative Region ( RA I ) within the Federal District ( Distrito Federal ) , where the most important government buildings are located .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília has a unique status in Brazil , as it is an administrative division rather than a legal municipality like nearly all cities in Brazil .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Nationally , the term is almost always used synonymously with the Federal District , which constitutes an indivisible Federative Unit , analogous to a state .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Several `` satellite cities '' exist which are also part of the Federal District .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	Brasília International Airport is the main airport in Brasília , connecting the capital to all major Brazilian cities and many international destinations .	0
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created	It is the third most important airport in Brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .	0
what caused ww	Personifications of Germany , France , Russia , Austria-Hungary , and the United Kingdom attempting to keep the lid on the simmering cauldron of imperialist and nationalist tensions in the Balkans to prevent a general European war .	0
what caused ww	They were successful in 1912 and 1913 but did not succeed in in 1914 .	0
what caused ww	The causes of World War I , which began in central Europe in late July 1914 and finished in 1918 , included many factors , such as the conflicts and hostility of the four decades leading up to the war .	1
what caused ww	Militarism , alliances , imperialism , and nationalism played major roles in the conflict as well .	0
what caused ww	The immediate origins of the war , however , lay in the decisions taken by statesmen and generals during the Crisis of 1914 , casus belli for which was the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand ( the Archduke of Austria Hungary ) and his wife Sophie by Gavrilo Princip , an irredentist Serb .	0
what caused ww	The crisis came after a long and difficult series of diplomatic clashes between the Great Powers ( Italy , France , Germany , the British Empire , the Austria-Hungarian Empire and Russia ) over European and colonial issues in the decade before 1914 that had left tensions high .	0
what caused ww	In turn these diplomatic clashes can be traced to changes in the balance of power in Europe since 1867 .	0
what caused ww	The more immediate cause for the war was tensions over territory in the Balkans .	0
what caused ww	Austria-Hungary competed with Serbia and Russia for territory and influence in the region and they pulled the rest of the Great Powers into the conflict through their various alliances and treaties .	0
what caused ww	Although the chain of events unleashed by the assassination triggered the war , the war 's origins go deeper , involving national politics , cultures , economics , and a complex web of alliances and counterbalances that had developed between the various European powers since 1870 .	0
what caused ww	Some of the most important long term or structural causes are : the growth of nationalism across Europe , unresolved territorial disputes , an intricate system of alliances , the perceived breakdown of the balance of power in Europe , convoluted and fragmented governance , the arms races of the previous decades , previous military planning , imperial and colonial rivalry for wealth , power and prestige , and economic and military rivalry in industry and trade – e.g. , the Pig War between Austria and Serbia .	0
what caused ww	Other causes that came into play during the diplomatic crisis that preceded the war included misperceptions of intent ( e.g. , the German belief that the United Kingdom would remain neutral ) and delays and misunderstandings in diplomatic communications .	0
what caused ww	The various categories of explanation for World War I correspond to different historians ' overall methods .	0
what caused ww	Most historians and popular commentators include causes from more than one category of explanation to provide a rounded account of the causes of the war .	0
what caused ww	The deepest distinction among these accounts is between stories that see it as the inevitable and predictable outcome of certain factors , and those that describe it as an arbitrary and unfortunate mistake .	0
what caused ww	In attributing causes for the war , historians and academics had to deal with an unprecedented flood of memoirs and official documents , released as each country involved tried to avoid blame for starting the war .	0
what caused ww	Early releases of information by governments , particularly those released for use by the `` Commission on the Responsibility of the Authors of the War '' were shown to be incomplete and biased .	0
what caused ww	In addition some documents , especially diplomatic cables between Russia and France , were found to have been doctored .	0
what caused ww	Even in later decades however , when much more information had been released , historians from the same culture have been shown to come to differing conclusions on the causes of the war .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	Johnson 's new chart of national emblems , published c. 1868 .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	The large flags shown in the corners are the 37-star flag of the United States ( flown 1867-1877 ) , the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom , the Russian Imperial Standard , and the French tricolore with inset Imperial Eagle .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	Various other flags flown by ships are shown .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	The Flag of Cuba is labelled `` Cuban ( so called ) `` .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	The Chinese dragon on the Flag of China was drawn mistakenly as a western dragon .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	A national flag is a flag that symbolizes a country .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	The flag is flown by the government , but usually can also be flown by citizens of the country .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	Both public and private buildings such as schools and courthouses may fly the national flag .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	In some countries , the national flags are only flown from non-military buildings on certain flag days .	0
What country has a single solid color flag	There are three distinct types of national flag for use on land , and three for use at sea , though many countries use identical designs for several ( and sometimes all ) of these types of flag .	0
how did the civil war end	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	0
how did the civil war end	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
how did the civil war end	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
how did the civil war end	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
how did the civil war end	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
how did the civil war end	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
how did the civil war end	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
how did the civil war end	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
how did the civil war end	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
how did the civil war end	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
how did the civil war end	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
how did the civil war end	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
how did the civil war end	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	0
how did the civil war end	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
how did the civil war end	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
how did the civil war end	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
how did the civil war end	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
how did the civil war end	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
how did the civil war end	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
how did the civil war end	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
how did the civil war end	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
how did the civil war end	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
how did the civil war end	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
how did the civil war end	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
how did the civil war end	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
how did the civil war end	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
how did the civil war end	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
how did the civil war end	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
how did the civil war end	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	Norrie disease is a genetic disorder that primarily affects the eye and almost always leads to blindness .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	In addition to the congenital ocular symptoms , some patients suffer from a progressive hearing loss starting mostly in their 2nd decade of life , while another portion may be mentally challenged .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	Patients with Norrie disease may develop cataracts , leukocoria ( a condition where the pupils appear white when light is shone on them ) , along with other developmental issues in the eye , such as shrinking of the globe and the wasting away of the iris .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	Around 30–50 % of them will also have developmental delay/ mental retardation , psychotic-like features , incoordination of movements or behavioral abnormalities .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	Most patients are born with normal hearing ; however , the onset of hearing loss is very common in early adolescence .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	About 15 % of the patients are estimated to develop all the features of the disease .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	The disease affects almost only male infants at birth or soon after birth , because the disease is inherited X-linked recessive .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	Only in very rare cases , females have been diagnosed with Norrie disease as well .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	The exact incidence number is unknown ; only a few hundred cases have been reported so far .	0
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth	It is a very rare disorder that is not associated with any specific ethnic or racial groups .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	A contract is an agreement having a lawful object entered into voluntarily by two or more parties , each of whom intends to create one or more legal obligations between them .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The elements of a contract are `` offer '' and `` acceptance '' by `` competent persons '' having legal capacity who exchange `` consideration '' to create `` mutuality of obligation . ''	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Proof of some or all of these elements may be done in writing , though contracts may be made entirely orally or by conduct .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The remedy for breach of contract can be `` damages '' in the form of compensation of money or specific performance enforced through an injunction .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Both of these remedies award the party at loss the `` benefit of the bargain '' or expectation damages , which are greater than mere reliance damages , as in promissory estoppel .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The parties may be natural persons or juristic persons .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	A contract is a legally enforceable promise or undertaking that something will or will not occur .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The word promise can be used as a legal synonym for contract , although care is required as a promise may not have the full standing of a contract , as when it is an agreement without consideration .	1
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Contract law varies greatly from one jurisdiction to another , including differences in common law compared to civil law , the impact of received law , particularly from England in common law countries , and of law codified in regional legislation .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Regarding Australian Contract Law for example , there are 40 relevant acts which impact on the interpretation of contract at the Commonwealth ( Federal / national ) level , and an additional 26 acts at the level of the state of NSW .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	In addition there are 6 international instruments or conventions which are applicable for international dealings , such as the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	ASP.NET is a server-side Web application framework designed for Web development to produce dynamic Web pages .	1
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	It was developed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites , web applications and web services .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	It was first released in January 2002 with version 1.0 of the .NET Framework , and is the successor to Microsoft 's Active Server Pages ( ASP ) technology .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	ASP.NET is built on the Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) , allowing programmers to write ASP.NET code using any supported .NET language .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	The ASP.NET SOAP extension framework allows ASP.NET components to process SOAP messages .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Lysergic acid diethylamide , abbreviated LSD or LSD-25 , also known as lysergide ( INN ) and colloquially as acid , is a semisynthetic psychedelic drug of the ergoline family , well known for its psychological effects which can include altered thinking processes , closed and open eye visuals , synesthesia , an altered sense of time and spiritual experiences , as well as for its key role in 1960s counterculture .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	It is used mainly as an entheogen , recreational drug , and as an agent in psychedelic therapy .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is non-addictive , is not known to cause brain damage , and has extremely low toxicity relative to dose .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	However , adverse psychiatric reactions such as anxiety , paranoia , and delusions are possible .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD was first synthesized by Albert Hofmann in 1938 from ergotamine , a chemical derived by Arthur Stoll from ergot , a grain fungus that typically grows on rye .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	The short form `` LSD '' comes from its early code name LSD-25 , which is an abbreviation for the German `` Lysergsäure-diethylamid '' followed by a sequential number .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is sensitive to oxygen , ultraviolet light , and chlorine , especially in solution , though its potency may last for years if it is stored away from light and moisture at low temperature .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In pure form it is a colorless , odorless , tasteless solid .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is typically delivered orally , usually on a substrate such as absorbent blotter paper , a sugar cube , or gelatin .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In its liquid form , it can also be administered by intramuscular or intravenous injection .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is very potent , with 20–30 μg ( micrograms ) being the threshold dose .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	New experiments with LSD started in 2009 for the first time in 40 years .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Introduced by Sandoz Laboratories , with trade-name Delysid , as a drug with various psychiatric uses in 1947 , LSD quickly became a therapeutic agent that appeared to show great promise .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In the 1950s , officials at the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) thought the drug might be applicable to mind control and chemical warfare ; the agency 's MKULTRA research program propagated the drug among young servicemen and students .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	The subsequent recreational use of the drug by youth culture in the Western world during the 1960s led to a political firestorm that resulted in its prohibition .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Currently , a number of organizations—including the Beckley Foundation , MAPS , Heffter Research Institute and the Albert Hofmann Foundation—exist to fund , encourage and coordinate research into the medicinal and spiritual uses of LSD and related psychedelics .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	The United States Navy 's Sea , Air , Land Teams , commonly known as the Navy SEALs , are the U.S. Navy 's principal special operations force and a part of the Naval Special Warfare Command and United States Special Operations Command .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	`` SEAL '' is always capitalized in reference to members of the Naval Special Warfare community .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	The acronym is derived from their capacity to operate at sea , in the air , and on land .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	SEALs are male members of the United States Navy .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	An exchange program with the Coast Guard , which graduated three Coast Guardsmen as SEALs , was suspended in 2011 .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	The CIA 's highly secretive Special Activities Division ( SAD ) and more specifically its elite Special Operations Group ( SOG ) recruits operators from the SEAL Teams .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	Joint Navy SEALs and CIA operations go back to the famed MACV-SOG during the Vietnam War .	0
how many hours apart do navy seals run	This cooperation still exists today and is seen in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and in the finding and killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan .	0
how many people are in the world	World population estimates from 1800 to 2100 , based on UN 2010 projections ( red , orange , green ) and US Census Bureau historical estimates ( black ) .	0
how many people are in the world	Actual recorded population figures are in blue .	0
how many people are in the world	According to the highest estimate , the world population may rise to 16 billion by 2100 ; according to the lowest estimate , it may decline to 6 billion .	0
how many people are in the world	The world population is the total number of living humans on Earth .	0
how many people are in the world	As of today , it is estimated to number billion by the United States Census Bureau ( USCB ) .	0
how many people are in the world	The USCB estimates that the world population exceeded 7 billion on March 12 , 2012 .	0
how many people are in the world	According to a separate estimate by the United Nations Population Fund , it reached this milestone on October 31 , 2011 .	0
how many people are in the world	The world population has experienced continuous growth since the end of the Great Famine and the Black Death in 1350 , when it stood at around 370 million .	0
how many people are in the world	The highest rates of growth – global population increases above 1.8 % per year – were seen briefly during the 1950s , and for a longer period during the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how many people are in the world	The growth rate peaked at 2.2 % in 1963 , and had declined to 1.1 % by 2011 .	0
how many people are in the world	Total annual births were highest in the late 1980s at about 138 million , and are now expected to remain essentially constant at their 2011 level of 134 million , while deaths number 56 million per year , and are expected to increase to 80 million per year by 2040 .	0
how many people are in the world	Current projections show a continued increase in population in the near future ( but a steady decline in the population growth rate ) , with the global population expected to reach between 7.5 and 10.5 billion by 2050 .	0
how many people are in the world	Various longer-term estimates predict further growth , stagnation , or even overall decline in the global population by 2150 .	0
how many people are in the world	Some analysts have questioned the sustainability of further world population growth , citing the growing pressures on the environment , global food supplies , and energy resources .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee , and the county seat of Shelby County .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	The city is located on the 4th Chickasaw Bluff , south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis had a population of 672,277 in 2011 making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee , the largest city on the Mississippi River , the third largest in the Southeastern United States , and the 20th largest in the United States .	1
how many people live in memphis tennessee	The greater Memphis metropolitan area , including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas , had a 2010 population of 1,316,100 .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	This makes Memphis the second largest metropolitan area in Tennessee , surpassed only by metropolitan Nashville , which has overtaken Memphis in recent years .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee 's major cities .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian , and the Memphis region is known , particularly to media outlets , as `` Memphis & The Mid-South `` .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	The Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant in France .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	France produces around three quarters of its electricity by nuclear power .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	The Grafenrheinfeld Nuclear Power Plant in Germany .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition announced on May 30 , 2011 , that Germany’s 17 nuclear power stations will be shut down by 2022 , in a policy reversal following Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	Currently , 68 reactors are under construction in 15 countries .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	Nuclear power stations operate in thirty countries .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	In 2010 , before the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , it was reported that an average of about 10 nuclear reactors were expected to become operational per year , although according to the World Nuclear Association , of the 17 civilian reactors planned to become operational between 2007 and 2009 , only five actually came on stream .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	As of June 2011 , Germany and Switzerland are phasing-out nuclear power .	0
how many nuclear countries in the world	As of June 2011 , countries such as Australia , Austria , Denmark , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , Malaysia , Malta , New Zealand , Norway and Portugal remain opposed to nuclear power .	0
how many muscles in the human body	Skeletal muscles homo sapiens	0
how many muscles in the human body	This is a table of muscles of the human anatomy .	0
how many muscles in the human body	There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human , and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles , found on both sides , resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles , as presented in this article .	1
how many muscles in the human body	Nevertheless , the exact number is difficult to define because different sources group muscles differently , e.g . regarding what is defined as different parts of a single muscle or as several muscles .	0
how many muscles in the human body	Examples range from 640 to 850 .	0
how many muscles in the human body	The muscles of the human body can be categorized into a number of groups which include muscles relating to the head and neck , muscles of the torso or trunk , muscles of the upper limbs , and muscles of the lower limbs .	0
how many muscles in the human body	The action refers to the action of each muscle from the standard anatomical position .	0
how many muscles in the human body	In other positions , other actions may be performed .	0
how did seminole war end	A reenactment of a battle at Fort Foster , 1837 ( at Hillsborough River State Park )	0
how did seminole war end	The Seminole Wars , also known as the Florida Wars , were three conflicts in Florida between the Seminole — the collective name given to the amalgamation of various groups of native Americans and Black people who settled in Florida in the early 18th century — and the United States Army .	0
how did seminole war end	The First Seminole War was from 1814 to 1819 ( although sources differ ) , the Second Seminole War from 1835 to 1842 , and the Third Seminole War from 1855 to 1858 .	0
how did seminole war end	The first conflict with the Seminoles arose out of tensions relating to General Andrew Jackson 's attack and destruction of Negro Fort in Florida in 1816 .	0
how did seminole war end	Jackson also attacked the Spanish at Pensacola .	0
how did seminole war end	Ultimately , the Spanish Crown ceded the colony to United States rule .	1
what county is orono maine in	Orono is a town in Penobscot County , Maine , United States .	1
what county is orono maine in	It was first settled in 1774 and named in honor of Chief Joseph Orono of the Penobscot Nation .	0
what county is orono maine in	It is home to The University of Maine .	0
what county is orono maine in	The population was 10,362 at the 2010 census .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	View of the pyramid	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	Luxor Las Vegas is a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	The 30-story hotel , owned and operated by MGM Resorts International , has a casino with over 2,000 slot machines and 87 table games .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	In the 2008 to 2009 renovation , it has a new , highly modernized , and contemporary design and contains a total of 4,400 rooms , including 442 suites , lining the interior walls of a pyramid style tower and within twin 22-story ziggurat towers that were built as later additions .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	The hotel is named after the city of Luxor ( ancient Thebes ) in Egypt .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	Luxor is the second largest hotel in Las Vegas ( the largest being the MGM Grand ) and the eighth largest in the world .	0
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas	As of 2010 , the Luxor has a 4 Key rating from the Green Key Eco-Rating Program , which evaluates `` sustainable '' hotel operations .	0
what it is a pilot study	A pilot experiment , also called a pilot study , is a small scale preliminary study conducted in order to evaluate feasibility , time , cost , adverse events , and effect size ( statistical variability ) in an attempt to predict an appropriate sample size and improve upon the study design prior to performance of a full-scale research project .	1
what it is a pilot study	Pilot studies , therefore , may not be appropriate for case studies .	0
how many fire station are in los angeles	The Los Angeles Fire Department ( LAFD ) is the agency that provides fire protection and emergency medical services for the city of Los Angeles .	0
how many fire station are in los angeles	It may be unofficially referred to as the Los Angeles City Fire Department to distinguish it from the Los Angeles County Fire Department .	0
how much square feet is an acre	The acre is a unit of area used in the imperial and U.S. customary systems .	0
how much square feet is an acre	An acre is about 40 % of a hectare – slightly smaller than an American football field .	0
how much square feet is an acre	The acre is no longer commonly used , although a few notable exceptions include the United States , Australia , Burma and the United Kingdom ( as of 2010 , the acre is no longer officially used in the United Kingdom , though is still used in real estate descriptions ) .	0
how much square feet is an acre	It is still used , to some extent , in Canada .	0
how much square feet is an acre	The international symbol of the acre is ac , and is defined as 1/640 of a square mile .	0
how much square feet is an acre	The most commonly used acre today is the international acre .	0
how much square feet is an acre	In the United States both the international acre and the slightly different US survey acre are in use .	0
how much square feet is an acre	The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land .	0
how much square feet is an acre	One international acre is defined as 4046.8564224 square metres .	0
how much square feet is an acre	During the Middle Ages , an acre was the amount of land that could be plowed in one day with a yoke of oxen .	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee initially refers to a Native American people and its language:	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee people	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee language	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee is also the name of several places in the United States:	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee , Illinois	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee , Kansas	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee City , Nebraska	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee , Oklahoma	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee , Texas	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee National Grassland , Colorado	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee Township ( disambiguation )	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee County ( disambiguation )	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee may also refer to:	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Piper PA-25 Pawnee , agricultural aircraft	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Hiller VZ-1 Pawnee , experimental aircraft	0
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians	Pawnee , Indiana ( fictional city ) the fictional setting of the NBC television comedy Parks and Recreation .	0
how does the brain process language	Broca 's and Wernicke 's Areas	0
how does the brain process language	Language processing refers to the way human beings use words to communicate ideas and feelings , and how such communications are processed and understood .	0
how does the brain process language	Thus it is how the brain creates and understands language .	0
how does the brain process language	Most recent theories consider that this process is carried out entirely by and inside the brain .	0
how does the brain process language	This is considered one of the most characteristic abilities of the human species - perhaps the most characteristic .	0
how does the brain process language	However very little is known about it and there is huge scope for research on it .	0
how does the brain process language	Most of the knowledge acquired to date on the subject has come from patients who have suffered some type of significant head injury , whether external ( wounds , bullets ) or internal ( strokes , tumors , degenerative diseases ) .	0
how does the brain process language	Studies have shown that most of the language processing functions are carried out in the cerebral cortex .	0
how does the brain process language	The essential function of the cortical language areas is symbolic representation .	0
how does the brain process language	Even though language exists in different forms , all of them are based on symbolic representation .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	The Bugatti Veyron EB 16.4 is a mid-engined grand touring car , designed and developed by the Volkswagen Group and manufactured in Molsheim , France by Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	The Super Sport version of the Veyron is the fastest street-legal production car in the world , with a top speed of .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	The original version has a top speed of .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	It was named Car of the Decade ( 2000–2009 ) by the BBC television programme Top Gear .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	The standard Veyron won Top Gears Best Car Driven All Year award in 2005 .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	On 6 April 2013 , Bugatti set the record for the fastest roadster in the world with the Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse , reaching on average a top speed of .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	The Veyron 's chief designer was Hartmut Warkuss , and the exterior was designed by Jozef Kabaň of Volkswagen , with much of the engineering work being conducted under the guidance of engineering chief Wolfgang Schreiber .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	A number of special variants have been produced .	0
how much does a bugatti veyron cost	In December 2010 , Bugatti began offering prospective buyers the ability to customize exterior and interiors colours by using the Veyron 16.4 Configurator application on the marque 's official website .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	DVD is an optical disc storage format , invented and developed by Philips , Sony , Toshiba , and Panasonic in 1995 .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	DVDs offer higher storage capacity than compact discs while having the same dimensions .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	Pre-recorded DVDs are mass-produced using molding machines that physically stamp data onto the DVD .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	Such discs are known as DVD- ROM , because data can only be read and not written nor erased .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	Blank recordable DVD discs ( DVD-R and DVD+R ) can be recorded once using a DVD recorder and then function as a DVD-ROM . Rewritable DVDs ( DVD-RW , DVD+RW , and DVD-RAM ) can be recorded and erased multiple times .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	DVDs are used in DVD-Video consumer digital video format and in DVD-Audio consumer digital audio format , as well as for authoring AVCHD discs .	0
how much time can store on dvd dl	DVDs containing other types of information may be referred to as DVD data discs .	0
what chili wants wiki	What Chilli Wants is an American reality series on VH1 starring Chilli , one-third of the Grammy Award -winning R & B trio TLC .	1
what chili wants wiki	The show chronicles Chilli 's quest to find love with the help of Tionna T. Smalls , an author and relationship coach .	0
what chili wants wiki	The series premiered on April 11 , 2010 , and has since been renewed for a second season .	0
what chili wants wiki	The second season premiered on Sunday , January 2 , 2011 .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Peter Gene Hernandez ( born October 8 , 1985 ) , known by his stage name Bruno Mars , is an American singer-songwriter and record producer .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Raised in Honolulu , Hawaii , by a family of musicians , Mars began making music at a young age and performed in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	He graduated from high school and then moved to Los Angeles , California , to pursue a musical career .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars produced songs for other artists , joining production team The Smeezingtons .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars had an unsuccessful stint with Motown Records , but then signed with Atlantic in 2009 .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals and co-writing the hooks for the songs `` Nothin ' on You `` by B.o.B , and `` Billionaire `` by Travie McCoy .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	He also co-wrote the hits `` Right Round `` by Flo Rida featuring Ke $ ha , and `` Wavin ' Flag `` by K'naan .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	In October 2010 , he released his debut album , Doo-Wops & Hooligans .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Anchored by the worldwide number-one singles `` Just the Way You Are `` and `` Grenade `` , the album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars was nominated for seven Grammys at the 53rd Grammy Awards , winning Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Just the Way You Are '' .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	His second studio album , Unorthodox Jukebox , was released on December 11 , 2012 .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars ' music is noted for displaying a wide variety of styles and influences , and contains elements of many musical genres .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	He has worked with an assortment of artists from various genres .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	As a child , he was highly influenced by artists such as Little Richard , Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson and would often impersonate these artists from a young age .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars also incorporates reggae - and Motown -inspired sounds into his work .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Worldwide , Mars became the best-selling digital artist in 2011 .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	He had three singles in the top ten , including first place with `` Just the Way You Are '' , which sold 12.5 million copies .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Mars won Best International Male Solo Artist at the 2012 BRIT Awards .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Bruno Mars has sold 6 million albums and 40 million singles worldwide as a singer .	0
what ethnicity is bruno mars	Althought as a song-writer , producer and singer his total single download sales surpass 100 million worldwide .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Bust of Zeus , Otricoli ( Sala Rotonda , Museo Pio-Clementino , Vatican ) .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Greek mythology is the body of myths and teachings that belong to the ancient Greeks , concerning their gods and heroes , the nature of the world , and the origins and significance of their own cult and ritual practices .	0
what do ancients myths explain	It was a part of the religion in ancient Greece and is part of religion in modern Greece and around the world , known as Hellenismos .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Modern scholars refer to and study the myths in an attempt to throw light on the religious and political institutions of Ancient Greece and its civilization , and to gain understanding of the nature of myth-making itself .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Greek mythology is explicitly embodied in a large collection of narratives , and implicitly in Greek representational arts , such as vase-paintings and votive gifts .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Greek myth attempts to explain the origins of the world , and details the lives and adventures of a wide variety of gods , goddesses , heroes , heroines , and mythological creatures .	0
what do ancients myths explain	These accounts initially were disseminated in an oral-poetic tradition ; today the Greek myths are known primarily from Greek literature .	0
what do ancients myths explain	The oldest known Greek literary sources , Homer 's epic poems Iliad and Odyssey , focus on events surrounding the Trojan War .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Two poems by Homer 's near contemporary Hesiod , the Theogony and the Works and Days , contain accounts of the genesis of the world , the succession of divine rulers , the succession of human ages , the origin of human woes , and the origin of sacrificial practices .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Myths are also preserved in the Homeric Hymns , in fragments of epic poems of the Epic Cycle , in lyric poems , in the works of the tragedians of the fifth century BC , in writings of scholars and poets of the Hellenistic Age , and in texts from the time of the Roman Empire by writers such as Plutarch and Pausanias .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Archaeological findings provide a principal source of detail about Greek mythology , with gods and heroes featured prominently in the decoration of many artifacts .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Geometric designs on pottery of the eighth century BC depict scenes from the Trojan cycle as well as the adventures of Heracles .	0
what do ancients myths explain	In the succeeding Archaic , Classical , and Hellenistic periods , Homeric and various other mythological scenes appear , supplementing the existing literary evidence .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Greek mythology has had an extensive influence on the culture , arts , and literature of Western civilization and remains part of Western heritage and language .	0
what do ancients myths explain	Poets and artists from ancient times to the present have derived inspiration from Greek mythology and have discovered contemporary significance and relevance in the themes .	0
How do you do Mouth MacNeal	Mouth & MacNeal in 1971	0
How do you do Mouth MacNeal	Mouth & MacNeal was a pop duo from the Netherlands .	0
How do you do Mouth MacNeal	They are best known for their million selling recording of `` How Do You Do `` .	0
what division is boise state football	The Boise State Broncos football program represents Boise State University in college football and compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of Division I as a member of the Mountain West Conference .	1
what division is boise state football	They are currently led by head coach Chris Petersen and play their home games at Bronco Stadium .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	The franc ( sign : Fr . or SFr . ; German : Franken , French and Romansh : franc , Italian : franco ; code : CHF ) is the currency and legal tender of Switzerland and Liechtenstein ; it is also legal tender in the Italian exclave Campione d'Italia .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	Although not formally legal tender in the German exclave Büsingen ( the sole legal currency is the euro ) , it is in wide daily use there .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	The Swiss National Bank issues banknotes and the federal mint Swissmint issues coins .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	The Swiss franc is the only version of the franc still issued in Europe .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	The smaller denomination , a hundredth of a franc , is a Rappen ( Rp . ) in German , centime ( c. ) in French , centesimo ( ct. ) in Italian , and rap ( rp . ) in Romansh .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	The ISO code of the currency used by banks and financial institutions is CHF , although `` Fr . '' is used by most businesses and advertisers ; some use SFr . ; the Latinate `` CH '' stands for Confoederatio Helvetica .	0
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight	Given the different languages used in Switzerland , Latin is used for language-neutral inscriptions on the coins .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin , ( 16 April 188925 December 1977 ) was a British comic actor and filmmaker who rose to fame in the silent era .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin became a worldwide icon through his screen persona `` the Tramp `` and is considered one of the most important figures of the film industry .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	His career spanned more than 75 years , from a child in the Victorian era to close to his death at the age of 88 , and encompassed both adulation and controversy .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Raised in London , Chaplin 's childhood was defined by poverty and hardship .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine ; his father was absent , and his mother was committed to a mental asylum .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin began performing from a young age , touring music halls and later working as a stage actor and comedian .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	At 19 he was signed to the prestigious Fred Karno company , which took him to America .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin was scouted by the film industry , and made his first appearances in 1914 with Keystone Studios .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He soon developed the Tramp persona and formed a large fan base .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin directed his films from an early stage , and continued to hone his craft as he moved to the Essanay , Mutual , and First National corporations .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	By 1918 , he was one of the most famous men in the world .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	In 1919 , Chaplin co-founded the distribution company United Artists , giving him complete control over his films .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	His first feature-length picture was The Kid ( 1921 ) , followed by A Woman of Paris ( 1923 ) , The Gold Rush ( 1925 ) , and The Circus ( 1928 ) .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He refused to move to sound films in the 1930s , instead producing City Lights ( 1931 ) and Modern Times ( 1936 ) without dialogue .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin became increasingly political and his next film , The Great Dictator ( 1940 ) , satirised Adolf Hitler .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	The 1940s was a decade marked with controversy for Chaplin , and his popularity declined rapidly .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He was accused of communist sympathies , while his involvement in a paternity suit and marriages to much younger women were considered scandalous .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	An FBI investigation was opened on Chaplin , and he was eventually forced to leave the United States and settle in Switzerland .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He abandoned the Tramp for his later films , which include Monsieur Verdoux ( 1947 ) , Limelight ( 1952 ) , A King in New York ( 1957 ) , and A Countess From Hong Kong ( 1967 ) .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Chaplin wrote , directed , produced , edited , scored , and starred in most of his films .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He was a perfectionist , and his financial independence meant he often spent years on the development and production of a picture .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	His films are characterised by slapstick combined with pathos , and often feature the Tramp struggling against adversity .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	Many contain social and political themes , as well as autobiographical elements .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	In 1972 , as part of a renewed appreciation for his work , Chaplin received an Honorary Academy Award for `` the incalculable effect he has had in making motion pictures the art form of this century '' .	0
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920	He continues to be held in high regard , with The Gold Rush , City Lights , Modern Times , and The Great Dictator often ranked among the greatest films of all time .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	Planned Parenthood Federation of America ( PPFA ) , commonly shortened to Planned Parenthood , is the U.S. affiliate of the International Planned Parenthood Federation ( IPPF ) and one of its larger members .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	PPFA is a non-profit organization providing reproductive health and maternal and child health services .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	The Planned Parenthood Action Fund , Inc. ( PPAF ) is a related organization which lobbies for pro-choice legislation , comprehensive sex education , and access to affordable health care in the United States .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	Planned Parenthood is the largest U.S. provider of reproductive health services , including cancer screening , HIV screening and counseling , contraception , and abortion .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	Contraception accounts for 35 % of PPFA 's total services and abortions account for 3 % ; PPFA conducts roughly 300,000 abortions each year , among 3 million people served .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	The organization has its roots in Brooklyn , New York , where Margaret Sanger opened the country 's first birth-control clinic .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	Sanger founded the American Birth Control League in 1921 , which in 1942 became part of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	Since then , Planned Parenthood has grown to have over 820 clinic locations in the U.S. , with a total budget of US $ 1 billion .	0
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?	PPFA provides an array of services to over three million people in the United States , and supports services for over one million clients outside the United States .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Mens rea is Latin for `` guilty mind '' .	1
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In criminal law , it is viewed as one of the necessary elements of some crimes .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	The standard common law test of criminal liability is usually expressed in the Latin phrase , actus non facit reum nisi mens sit rea , which means `` the act is not culpable unless the mind is guilty '' .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Thus , in jurisdictions with due process , there must be an actus reus , or `` guilty act , '' accompanied by some level of mens rea to constitute the crime with which the defendant is charged ( see the technical requirement of concurrence ) .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	As a general rule , criminal liability does not attach to a person who acted with the absence of mental fault .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	The exception is strict liability crimes .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In civil law , it is usually not necessary to prove a subjective mental element to establish liability for breach of contract or tort , for example .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	However , if a tort is intentionally committed or a contract is intentionally breached , such intent may increase the scope of liability as well as the measure of damages payable to the plaintiff .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Therefore , mens rea refers to the mental element of the offence that accompanies the actus reus .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In some jurisdictions , the terms mens rea and actus reus have been replaced by alternative terminology .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In Australia , for example , the elements of the federal offences are now designated as `` fault elements '' or `` mental elements '' ( mens rea ) and `` physical elements '' or `` external elements '' ( actus reus ) .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	This terminology was adopted to replace the obscurity of the Latin terms with simple and accurate phrasing .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Ulysses S. Grant ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 – July 23 , 1885 ) was the 18th President of the United States ( 1869–1877 ) following his highly successful role as a war general in the second half of the Civil War .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Under Grant , the Union Army defeated the Confederate military ; having effectively ended the war and secession with the surrender of Robert E. Lee 's army at Appomattox .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	As president he led the Radical Republicans in their effort to eliminate all vestiges of Confederate nationalism and slavery .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Upset over uncontrolled violence in the South and having desired to protect African American citizenship , President Grant effectively destroyed the Ku Klux Klan in 1871 .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant was the first President to establish Civil Service reform having created a two-year federally funded Civil Service Commission in 1871 .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	In terms of foreign policy , Grant revealed an `` unexpected capacity for deliberation and consultation '' that promoted the national interest .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	His reputation was marred by his repeated defense of corrupt appointees , and by America 's first industrial age economic depression ( called the `` Panic of 1873 `` ) that dominated his second term .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Although his Republican Party split in 1872 with reformers denouncing him , Grant was easily reelected .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	By 1875 the conservative white Southern opposition regained control of every state in the South and as he left the White House in March 1877 his policies were being undone .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	A career soldier , he graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and served in the Mexican–American War .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	When the Civil War began in 1861 , Grant trained Union volunteer regiments in Illinois .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	In 1862 , as a general he fought a series of battles and was promoted to major general after forcing the surrender of a large Confederate army and gaining control of Kentucky and most of Tennessee .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	He then led Union forces to victory after initial setbacks in the Battle of Shiloh , earning a reputation as an aggressive commander .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	In July 1863 , after a long , complex campaign , Grant defeated five uncoordinated Confederate armies ( capturing one of them ) and seized Vicksburg .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	This famous victory gave the Union full control of the Mississippi River , split off the western Confederacy , and opened the way for more Union triumphs .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	After another win at the Battle of Chattanooga in late 1863 , President Abraham Lincoln made him lieutenant general and commander of all of the Union Armies .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	As commanding general of the army , Grant confronted Robert E. Lee in a series of very bloody battles in 1864 known as the Overland Campaign that ended with the bottling up of Lee at Petersburg , outside the Confederate capital of Richmond .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	During the siege , Grant coordinated a series of devastating campaigns launched by William Tecumseh Sherman , Philip Sheridan , and George Thomas .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Finally breaking through Lee 's trenches , the Union Army captured Richmond in April 1865 .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Lee surrendered his depleted forces to Grant at Appomattox as the Confederacy collapsed .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Although pro-Confederate historians attacked Grant as a ruthless butcher who won by brute force , most historians have hailed his military genius .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant 's two consecutive terms as President stabilized the nation after the American Civil War and during the turbulent Reconstruction period that followed .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	As president , he enforced Reconstruction by enforcing civil rights laws and fighting Ku Klux Klan violence .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant won passage of the Fifteenth Amendment ; giving constitutional protection for African-American voting rights .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	He used the army to build the Republican Party in the South , based on black voters , Northern newcomers ( `` Carpetbaggers `` ) and native white supporters ( `` Scalawags . '' )	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	As a result , African Americans were represented in the U.S. Congress for the first time in American history in 1870 .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Reformers praised Grant 's Indian peace policy by having broken the deadlock on Indian appropriations in Congress , the creation of the Board of Indian Commissioners to make reform recommendations , and his enlistment of Quaker Protestants who controlled mid western Indian agencies , that effectively curbed Congressional patronage .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant remained determined in keeping Indians from being exterminated from white settler encroachment or by the U.S. military .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant 's reputation as president by 1875 was at an all-time high for his previous veto of the Inflation Bill , the passage of the Resumption of Specie Act , and Secretary Bristow 's successful raids that shut down the Whiskey Ring .	0
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for	Grant 's foreign policy , led by Secretary of State Hamilton Fish , implemented International Arbitration , settled the Alabama Claims with Britain and avoided war with Spain over the Virginius Affair .	0
What city is AMI Box Juke Made ?	A jukebox is a partially automated music-playing device , usually a coin-operated machine , that will play a patron 's selection from self-contained media .	0
What city is AMI Box Juke Made ?	The classic jukebox has buttons with letters and numbers on them that , when entered in combination , are used to play a specific selection .	0
what do UA 's detect	A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen – for example urine , hair , blood , sweat , or oral fluid / saliva – to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites .	1
what do UA 's detect	Major uses of drug testing are to detect the presence of performance enhancing steroids in sport or for drugs prohibited by laws , such as cannabis , cocaine and heroin .	0
what do UA 's detect	A `` 10-panel urine screen '' consists of the following:	0
what do UA 's detect	Amphetamines ( including Methamphetamine )	0
what do UA 's detect	Barbiturates	0
what do UA 's detect	Benzodiazepines	0
what do UA 's detect	Cannabinoids ( THC )	0
what do UA 's detect	Cocaine	0
what do UA 's detect	Methadone	0
what do UA 's detect	Methaqualone	0
what do UA 's detect	Opiates ( Codeine , Morphine , Heroin , Oxycodone , Hydrocodone , etc . )	0
what do UA 's detect	Phencyclidine ( PCP )	0
what do UA 's detect	Propoxyphene	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Saturn V rocket , used for the American manned lunar landing missions	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Space exploration is the discovery and exploration of outer space by means of space technology .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Physical exploration of space is conducted both by human spaceflights and by robotic spacecraft .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	While the observation of objects in space , known as astronomy , predates reliable recorded history , it was the development of large and relatively efficient rockets during the early 20th century that allowed physical space exploration to become a reality .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Common rationales for exploring space include advancing scientific research , uniting different nations , ensuring the future survival of humanity and developing military and strategic advantages against other countries .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Various criticisms of space exploration are sometimes made .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Space exploration has often been used as a proxy competition for geopolitical rivalries such as the Cold War .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	The early era of space exploration was driven by a `` Space Race `` between the Soviet Union and the United States , the launch of the first man-made object to orbit the Earth , the USSR 's Sputnik 1 , on 4 October 1957 , and the first Moon landing by the American Apollo 11 craft on 20 July 1969 are often taken as the boundaries for this initial period .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	The Soviet space program achieved many of the first milestones , including the first living being in orbit in 1957 , the first human spaceflight ( Yuri Gagarin aboard Vostok 1 ) in 1961 , the first spacewalk ( by Aleksei Leonov ) on 18 March 1965 , the first automatic landing on another celestial body in 1966 , and the launch of the first space station ( Salyut 1 ) in 1971 .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	After the first 20 years of exploration , focus shifted from one-off flights to renewable hardware , such as the Space Shuttle program , and from competition to cooperation as with the International Space Station ( ISS ) .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	With the substantial completion of the ISS following STS-133 in March 2011 , plans for space exploration by the USA remain in flux .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	Constellation , a Bush Administration program for a return to the Moon by 2020 was judged inadequately funded and unrealistic by an expert review panel reporting in 2009 .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	The Obama Administration proposed a revision of Constellation in 2010 to focus on the development of the capability for crewed missions beyond low earth orbit ( LEO ) , envisioning extending the operation of the ISS beyond 2020 , transferring the development of launch vehicles for human crews from NASA to the private sector , and developing technology to enable missions to beyond LEO , such as Earth/Moon L1 , the Moon , Earth/Sun L2 , near-earth asteroids , and Phobos or Mars orbit .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	As of March 2011 , the US Senate and House of Representatives are still working towards a compromise NASA funding bill , which will probably terminate Constellation and fund development of a heavy lift launch vehicle ( HLLV ) .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	In the 2000s , the People 's Republic of China initiated a successful manned spaceflight program , while the European Union , Japan , and India have also planned future manned space missions .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	China , Russia , Japan , and India have advocated manned missions to the Moon during the 21st century , while the European Union has advocated manned missions to both the Moon and Mars during the 21st century .	0
how many missions has the us sent to mars	From the 1990s onwards , private interests began promoting space tourism and then private space exploration of the Moon ( see Google Lunar X Prize ) .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	John Calvin Coolidge , Jr. ( July 4 , 1872January 5 , 1933 ) was the 30th President of the United States ( 1923–1929 ) .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	A Republican lawyer from Vermont , Coolidge worked his way up the ladder of Massachusetts state politics , eventually becoming governor of that state .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	His conduct during the Boston Police Strike of 1919 thrust him into the national spotlight and gave him a reputation as a man of decisive action .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	Soon after , he was elected as the 29th Vice President in 1920 and succeeded to the Presidency upon the sudden death of Warren G. Harding in 1923 .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	Elected in his own right in 1924 , he gained a reputation as a small-government conservative , and also as a man who said very little .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	Coolidge restored public confidence in the White House after the scandals of his predecessor 's administration , and left office with considerable popularity .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	As a Coolidge biographer put it , `` He embodied the spirit and hopes of the middle class , could interpret their longings and express their opinions .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	That he did represent the genius of the average is the most convincing proof of his strength . ''	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	Some later criticized Coolidge as part of a general criticism of laissez-faire government .	0
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve	His reputation underwent a renaissance during the Ronald Reagan Administration , but the ultimate assessment of his presidency is still divided between those who approve of his reduction of the size of government programs and those who believe the federal government should be more involved in regulating and controlling the economy .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso is a concentrated beverage brewed by forcing a small amount of nearly boiling water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso often has a thicker consistency than coffee brewed by other methods , a higher concentration of suspended and dissolved solids , and crema ( meaning cream , but being a reference to the foam with a creamy texture that forms as a result of the pressure ) .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	As a result of the pressurized brewing process the flavors and chemicals in a typical cup of espresso are very concentrated .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso is the base for other drinks , such as a latte , cappuccino , macchiato , mocha , or americano .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso has more caffeine per unit volume than most beverages , but the usual serving size is smaller—a typical 60 mL ( 2 US fluid ounce ) of espresso has 80 to 150 mg of caffeine , little less than the 95 to 200 mg of a standard 240 mL ( 8 US fluid ounces ) cup of drip-brewed coffee .	1
how many championships brian kelly coached	Brian Keith Kelly ( born October 25 , 1961 ) is an American football coach and former player .	0
how many championships brian kelly coached	He is currently the head football coach for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish , a position he has held since December 2009 .	0
how many championships brian kelly coached	Kelly was previously head coach at Grand Valley State University ( 1991–2003 ) , Central Michigan University ( 2004–2006 ) , and University of Cincinnati ( 2006–2009 ) .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	A contract is an agreement having a lawful object entered into voluntarily by two or more parties , each of whom intends to create one or more legal obligations between them .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	The elements of a contract are `` offer '' and `` acceptance '' by `` competent persons '' having legal capacity who exchange `` consideration '' to create `` mutuality of obligation . ''	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	Proof of some or all of these elements may be done in writing , though contracts may be made entirely orally or by conduct .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	The remedy for breach of contract can be `` damages '' in the form of compensation of money or specific performance enforced through an injunction .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	Both of these remedies award the party at loss the `` benefit of the bargain '' or expectation damages , which are greater than mere reliance damages , as in promissory estoppel .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	The parties may be natural persons or juristic persons .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	A contract is a legally enforceable promise or undertaking that something will or will not occur .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	The word promise can be used as a legal synonym for contract , although care is required as a promise may not have the full standing of a contract , as when it is an agreement without consideration .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	Contract law varies greatly from one jurisdiction to another , including differences in common law compared to civil law , the impact of received law , particularly from England in common law countries , and of law codified in regional legislation .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	Regarding Australian Contract Law for example , there are 40 relevant acts which impact on the interpretation of contract at the Commonwealth ( Federal / national ) level , and an additional 26 acts at the level of the state of NSW .	0
how is a contract legally binding ?	In addition there are 6 international instruments or conventions which are applicable for international dealings , such as the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Sidney Patrick Crosby , ONS ( born August 7 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Crosby was drafted first overall by the Penguins out of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) .	1
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	During his two-year major junior career with the Rimouski Océanic , he earned back-to-back CHL Player of the Year awards and led his club to the 2005 Memorial Cup final .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Nicknamed `` The Next One `` , he was one of the most highly regarded draft picks in hockey history , leading many to refer to the 2005 Draft Lottery as the `` Sidney Crosby Sweepstakes '' .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In his first NHL season , Crosby finished sixth in league scoring with 102 points ( 39 goals , 63 assists ) and was a runner-up for the Calder Memorial Trophy ( won by Alexander Ovechkin ) .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	By his second season , he led the NHL with 120 points ( 36 goals , 84 assists ) to capture the Art Ross Trophy , becoming the youngest player and the only teenager to win a scoring title in any major North American sports league .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	That same season , Crosby also won the Hart Memorial Trophy as the Professional Hockey Writers Association 's choice for most valuable player and the Lester B. Pearson Award as the NHL Players Association 's choice for most outstanding player , becoming the seventh player in NHL history to earn all three awards in one year .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Crosby started the 2007–08 season with the team 's captaincy and subsequently led them to the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals , where they were defeated by the Detroit Red Wings in six games .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	The Penguins returned to the Finals against Detroit the following year and won in seven games ; Crosby became the youngest captain in NHL history to win the Stanley Cup .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In the 2009–10 season , Crosby scored a career-high 51 goals , tying him with Steven Stamkos for the Rocket Richard Trophy as the league-leader ; with 58 assists , he totaled 109 points , second in the NHL .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	During the off-season , Crosby received the Mark Messier Leadership Award .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In 2010–11 , Crosby sustained a concussion as a result of hits to the head in back-to-back games .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	The injury left him sidelined for ten and a half months .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	However , after playing eight games in the 2011–12 season , Crosby 's concussion-like symptoms returned in December 2011 , and he did not return until mid-March 2012 .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Internationally , Crosby has represented Canada in numerous tournaments for the country 's junior and men 's teams .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	After competing in the 2003 U-18 Junior World Cup , he represented Canada in back-to-back IIHF World U20 Championships , winning silver in 2004 and gold in 2005 .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	At the 2006 IIHF World Championship , he led the tournament in scoring , while also earning Top Forward and All-Star Team honours .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Four years later , Crosby was named to Team Canada for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Playing the United States in the gold medal game , he scored the game-winning goal in overtime .	0
what does add my two cents mean	A United States cent , also known as a penny .	0
what does add my two cents mean	`` My two cents '' ( 2¢ ) and its longer version `` put my two cents in '' is an United States ( US ) idiomatic expression , taken from the original English idiom expression : to put in `` my two pennies worth '' or `` my tuppence worth . ''	1
what does add my two cents mean	It is used to preface the tentative stating of one’s opinion .	0
what does add my two cents mean	By deprecating the opinion to follow – suggesting its value is only two cents , a very small amount – the user of the phrase hopes to lessen the impact of a possibly statement , showing politeness and humility .	0
what does add my two cents mean	However , it is also sometimes used with irony when expressing a strongly felt opinion .	0
what does add my two cents mean	The phrase is also used out of habit to preface uncontentious opinions .	0
what does add my two cents mean	For example:	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The Chinese Civil War was a civil war in China fought between forces loyal to the government of the Republic of China led by the Kuomintang ( KMT ) and forces of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The war began in April 1927 , amidst the Northern Expedition , and essentially ended when major active battles ceased in 1950 .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The conflict eventually resulted in two de facto states , the Republic of China ( ROC ) in Taiwan and the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in mainland China , both claiming to be the legitimate government of China .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The war represented an ideological split ( Left vs . Right ) between the Communist CPC , and the KMT 's brand of Nationalism .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The civil war continued intermittently until late 1937 , when the two parties formed a Second United Front to counter a Japanese invasion .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	China 's full-scale civil war resumed in 1946 , a year after the end of hostilities with Japan .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	After four more years , 1950 saw the cessation of major military hostilities—with the newly founded People 's Republic of China controlling mainland China ( including Hainan ) , and the Republic of China 's jurisdiction being restricted to Taiwan , Penghu , Quemoy , Matsu and several outlying islands .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The Kuomintang defeat is attributed to several factors : Corruption - Chiang wrote in his diary on June 1948 that the KMT had failed , not because of external enemies but because of rot from within .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	Strong initial support from the U.S. diminished , and then , stopped .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	( Partly because of KMT corruption and anti-democratic regime , and partly because of the uncertain U.S. foreign policy towards Communism between 1945 and 1950 ) ; Communist land reform policy promised poor peasants farmland from their landlords .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	This ensured PLA popular support .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II , Soviet forces turned over their captured Japanese weapons to the CPC and allowed the CPC to take control of territory in Manchuria .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	To this day , no armistice or peace treaty has ever been signed , and it is debated as to the whether the Civil War has legally ended .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	Cross-Strait relations have been hindered by military threats and political and economic pressure , particularly over Taiwan 's political status , with both governments officially adhering to a `` One-China policy . ''	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The PRC still actively claims Taiwan as part of its territory and continues to threaten the ROC with a military invasion if the ROC officially declares independence by changing its name to and gaining international recognition as the Republic of Taiwan .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	The ROC mutually claims mainland China , and they both continue the fight over diplomatic recognition .	0
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war	Today , the war as such occurs on the political and economic fronts in the form of cross-Strait relations ; however , the two separate de facto states have close economic ties .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	The One Hundred Twelfth United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government , from January 3 , 2011 until January 3 , 2013 .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	It convened in Washington , D.C. on January 3 , 2011 , and ended on January 3 , 2013 , 17 days before the end of the presidential term to which Barack Obama was elected in 2008 .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	Senators elected to regular terms in 2006 completed those terms in this Congress .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	This Congress included the last House of Representatives elected from congressional districts that were apportioned based on the 2000 census .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	In the 2010 midterm elections , the Republican Party won the majority in the House of Representatives .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	While the Democrats kept their Senate majority , it was reduced from the previous Congress .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	This was the first Congress in which the House and Senate were controlled by different parties since the 107th Congress ( 2001–2003 ) , and the first Congress to begin that way since the 99th Congress ( 1985–1987 ) .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	In this Congress , the House of Representatives had the largest number of Republican members , 242 , since the 80th Congress ( 1947–1949 ) .	0
how many representative in congress 2011	It was also the first Congress since 1947 in which no member of the Kennedy family served , as well as the most politically polarized Congress since Reconstruction , with record low approval ratings .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Wealth in the United States is commonly measured in terms of net worth , which is the sum of all assets , including home equity , minus all liabilities .	0
how much total wealth in USA	The total net worth of US households and nonprofit organizations 1945–2009 , unadjusted for inflation or population change .	0
how much total wealth in USA	For example , a household in possession of an $ 800,000 house , $ 5,000 in mutual funds , $ 30,000 in cars , $ 20,000 worth of stock in their own company , and a $ 45,000 IRA would have assets totaling $ 900,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Assuming that this household would have a $ 250,000 mortgage , $ 40,000 in car loans , and $ 10,000 in credit card debt , its debts would total $ 300,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Subtracting the debts from the worth of this household 's assets ( 900,000 - $ 300,000 = $ 600,000 ) , this household would have a net worth of $ 600,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Net worth can vary with fluctuations in value of the underlying assets .	0
how much total wealth in USA	The wealth —more specifically , the median net worth—of households in the United States is varied with relation to race , education , geographic location and gender .	0
how much total wealth in USA	As one would expect , households with greater income feature the highest net worths , though high income can not be taken as an always accurate indicator of net worth .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Overall the number of wealthier households is on the rise , with baby boomers hitting the highs of their careers .	0
how much total wealth in USA	In addition , wealth is unevenly distributed , with the wealthiest 25 % of US households owning 87 % of the wealth in the United States , which was $ 54.2 trillion in 2009 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Including human capital such as skills , the United Nations estimated the total wealth of the United States in 2008 to be $ 118 trillion .	1
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	This article deals with Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy ( SDR ) rather than the rhizotomy procedures for pain relief ; for those procedures , which have begun to take the name `` rhizotomy '' in certain instances , see facet rhizotomy and similar .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	A rhizotomy ( ) is a term chiefly referring to a neurosurgical procedure that selectively destroys problematic nerve roots in the spinal cord , most often to relieve the symptoms of neuromuscular conditions such as spastic diplegia and other forms of spastic cerebral palsy .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	The selective dorsal rhizotomy ( SDR ) for spastic cerebral palsy has been the main use of rhizotomy for neurosurgeons specialising in spastic CP since the 1980s ; in this surgery , the spasticity-causing nerves are isolated and then targeted and destroyed .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	The sensory nerve roots , where spasticity is located , are first separated from the motor ones , and the nerve fibres to be cut are then identified via electromyographic stimulation .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	The ones producing spasticity are then selectively lesioned with tiny electrical pulses .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	In spasticity , rhizotomy precisely targets and destroys the damaged nerves that don’t receive gamma amino butyric acid , which is the core problem for people with spastic cerebral palsy .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	These over-firing , non-GABA-absorbing nerves generate unusual electrical activity during the EMG testing phase in SDR and are thus considered to be the source of the patient 's hypertonia ; they are eliminated with the electrical pulses once identified , while the remaining nerves and nerve routes carrying the correct messages remain fully intact and untouched .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	This means that the spasticity is permanently dissolved , and that this is done without affecting nervous system sensitivity or function in other areas , because the only nerves destroyed are the over-firing ones responsible for the muscle tightness .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	The terms rhizotomy and neurotomy are also increasingly becoming interchangeable in the treatment of chronic back pain from degenerative disc disease .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	This is a procedure called a facet rhizotomy and is not a surgical procedure but is instead done on an outpatient basis using a simple probe to apply radiofrequency waves to the impinged pain-causing nerve root lying between the facet joint and the vertebral body .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	Such radio frequency nerve lesioning results in five to eight or more months of pain relief before the nerve regenerates and another round of the procedure needs to be performed .	0
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?	A facet rhizotomy is just one of many different forms of radiofrequency ablation , and its use of the `` rhizotomy '' name should not be confused with the SDR procedure .	0
what does a migrant worker do	Migrant workers in California , 1935	0
what does a migrant worker do	The term migrant worker has different official meanings and connotations in different parts of the world .	0
what does a migrant worker do	The United Nations ' definition is broad , including any people working outside of their home country .	0
what does a migrant worker do	The term can also be used to describe someone who migrates within a country , possibly their own , in order to pursue work such as seasonal work .	0
what does the tear tattoo mean	Photograph of Lil Wayne with teardrop tattoos below his eyes .	0
what does the tear tattoo mean	The teardrop tattoo or tear tattoo is a symbolic tattoo that is placed underneath the eye .	0
what does the tear tattoo mean	It has no fixed meaning but almost all meanings ( see below ) have some connection to prison .	0
how much of US 75 is 4 lane	U.S. Route 75 is a north–south U.S. Highway .	0
how much of US 75 is 4 lane	The highway 's northern terminus is in Kittson County , Minnesota , at the Canadian border , where it once continued as Manitoba Highway 75 on the other side of the now-closed border crossing .	0
how much of US 75 is 4 lane	Its southern terminus is at Interstate 30 and Interstate 45 in Dallas , Texas , where it is known as North Central Expressway .	0
how much of US 75 is 4 lane	U.S. 75 was a border-to-border route , from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico at Galveston , Texas .	0
how much of US 75 is 4 lane	However , the entire segment south of Dallas , Texas has been decommissioned in favor of Interstate 45 , a cutoff section of town-to-town surface road having become State Highway 75 .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	Lower Ninth Ward is a neighborhood of the city of New Orleans .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	As the name implies , it is part of the Ninth Ward of New Orleans .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	The Lower Ninth Ward is often thought of as the entire area within New Orleans downriver of the Industrial Canal ; however , the City Planning Commission divides this area into the Lower Ninth Ward ( 2 ) and Holy Cross ( 3 ) neighborhoods .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	The term `` Lower '' refers to its location farther towards the mouth of the Mississippi River , `` down '' or `` below '' the rest of the city in local geographic terminology .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	But the 9th Ward , like all Wards in New Orleans , is a voting district .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	The 9th Ward was added as a voting district in 1852 .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	The `` lower '' 9th Ward is composed of Ward 9 Districts 1 , 2 , 4 , and 7 which make up the Holy Cross Area and Ward 9 Districts 3 , 5 , 6 , and 8 .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	Higher voting district numbers in the 9th Ward ( 8-27 ) are on the upriver side of the Industrial Canal .	0
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names	The area came to national attention for its devastation in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .	0
how was the moon formed	Hubble views of Copernicus crater ( inset ) , which is about 58 miles ( 93 km ) wide	0
how was the moon formed	Red and orange tinted Moon , as seen from Earth during a lunar eclipse , where the Earth comes between the Moon and Sun	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth , and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System .	0
how was the moon formed	It is the largest natural satellite of a planet in the Solar System relative to the size of its primary , having 27 % the diameter and 60 % the density of Earth , resulting in its mass .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the second densest satellite after Io , a satellite of Jupiter .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is in synchronous rotation with Earth , always showing the same face with its near side marked by dark volcanic maria that fill between the bright ancient crustal highlands and the prominent impact craters .	0
how was the moon formed	It is the brightest object in the sky after the Sun , although its surface is actually very dark , with a reflectance similar to that of coal .	0
how was the moon formed	Its prominence in the sky and its regular cycle of phases have , since ancient times , made the Moon an important cultural influence on language , calendars , art and mythology .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's gravitational influence produces the ocean tides and the minute lengthening of the day .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's current orbital distance , about thirty times the diameter of the Earth , causes it to appear almost the same size in the sky as the Sun , allowing it to cover the Sun nearly precisely in total solar eclipses .	0
how was the moon formed	This matching of apparent visual size is a coincidence .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's linear distance from the Earth is currently increasing at a rate of 3.82±0.07cm per year , but this rate is not constant .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is thought to have formed nearly 4.5 billion years ago , not long after the Earth .	1
how was the moon formed	Although there have been several hypotheses for its origin in the past , the current most widely accepted explanation is that the Moon formed from the debris left over after a giant impact between Earth and a Mars -sized body .	1
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the only celestial body other than Earth on which humans have set foot .	0
how was the moon formed	The Soviet Union 's Luna programme was the first to reach the Moon with unmanned spacecraft in 1959 ; the United States ' NASA Apollo program achieved the only manned missions to date , beginning with the first manned lunar orbiting mission by Apollo 8 in 1968 , and six manned lunar landings between 1969 and 1972 , with the first being Apollo 11 .	0
how was the moon formed	These missions returned over 380 kg of lunar rocks , which have been used to develop a geological understanding of the Moon 's origins , the formation of its internal structure , and its subsequent history .	0
how was the moon formed	After the Apollo 17 mission in 1972 , the Moon has been visited only by unmanned spacecraft , notably by the final Soviet Lunokhod rover .	0
how was the moon formed	Since 2004 , Japan , China , India , the United States , and the European Space Agency have each sent lunar orbiters .	0
how was the moon formed	These spacecraft have contributed to confirming the discovery of lunar water ice in permanently shadowed craters at the poles and bound into the lunar regolith .	0
how was the moon formed	Future manned missions to the Moon have been planned , including government as well as privately funded efforts .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon remains , under the Outer Space Treaty , free to all nations to explore for peaceful purposes .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Ronald Wilson Reagan ( ; February 6 , 1911 – June 5 , 2004 ) was the 40th President of the United States ( 1981–1989 ) .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Prior to that , he was the 33rd Governor of California ( 1967–1975 ) , and a radio , film and television actor .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Born in Tampico , Illinois , and raised in Dixon , Reagan was educated at Eureka College , earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and sociology .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	After graduating , Reagan moved first to Iowa to work as a radio broadcaster and then , in 1937 , to Los Angeles where he began a career as an actor , first in films and later television .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Some of his most notable films include Knute Rockne , All American ( 1940 ) , Kings Row ( 1942 ) , and Bedtime for Bonzo ( 1951 ) .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan served as President of the Screen Actors Guild and later as a spokesman for General Electric ( GE ) ; his start in politics occurred during his work for GE .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Originally a member of the Democratic Party , his positions began shifting rightward in the 1950s , and he switched to the Republican Party in 1962 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	After delivering a rousing speech in support of Barry Goldwater 's presidential candidacy in 1964 , he was persuaded to seek the California governorship , winning two years later and again in 1970 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	He was defeated in his run for the Republican presidential nomination in 1968 and in 1976 , but won both the nomination and general election in 1980 , defeating incumbent Jimmy Carter .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	As president , Reagan implemented sweeping new political and economic initiatives .	1
what did ronald reagan do as president	His supply-side economic policies , dubbed `` Reaganomics `` , advocated reducing tax rates to spur economic growth , controlling the money supply to reduce inflation , deregulation of the economy , and reducing government spending .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	In his first term he survived an assassination attempt , took a hard line against labor unions , announced a new War on Drugs , and ordered an invasion of Grenada .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	He was re-elected in a landslide in 1984 , proclaiming that it was `` Morning in America `` .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	His second term was primarily marked by foreign matters , such as the ending of the Cold War , the 1986 bombing of Libya , and the revelation of the Iran-Contra affair .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Publicly describing the Soviet Union as an `` evil empire `` , he supported anti-communist movements worldwide and spent his first term forgoing the strategy of détente by ordering a massive military buildup in an arms race with the USSR .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan negotiated with Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev , culminating in the INF Treaty and the decrease of both countries ' nuclear arsenals .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan left office in 1989 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	In 1994 , the former president disclosed that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease earlier in the year ; he died ten years later at the age of 93 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	A conservative icon , he ranks highly in public opinion polls of U.S. Presidents and is credited for generating an ideological renaissance on the American political right .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	Complete set of scrolls , constituting the entire Tanakh .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	The Tanakh ( , or ; also Tenakh , Tenak , Tanach ) is a name used in Judaism for the canon of the Hebrew Bible .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	The Tanakh is also known as the Masoretic Text or the Miqra .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	The name is an acronym formed from the initial Hebrew letters of the Masoretic Text 's three traditional subdivisions : The Torah ( `` Teaching '' , also known as the Five Books of Moses ) , Nevi'im ( `` Prophets '' ) and Ketuvim ( `` Writings '' ) —hence TaNaKh .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	The name `` Miqra '' ( מקרא ) , meaning `` that which is read '' , is an alternative Hebrew term for the Tanakh .	0
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex	The books of the Tanakh were relayed with an accompanying oral tradition passed on by each generation , called the Oral Torah .	0
how much hp does 2005 kawasaki 636 have	The Kawasaki Ninja ZX-6R is a Kawasaki 600 cc class sport motorcycle .	0
how much hp does 2005 kawasaki 636 have	It was introduced in 1995 , and has been constantly updated throughout the years in response to new products from Honda , Suzuki , and Yamaha .	0
how much hp does 2005 kawasaki 636 have	The ZX series is what was known as the Ninja line of Kawasaki motorcycles in the 1980s and still carries the name today .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Assassination attempts and plots on Presidents of the United States have been numerous : more than 20 attempts to kill sitting and former presidents , as well as the Presidents-elect , are known .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Four sitting presidents have been killed : Abraham Lincoln ( the 16th President ) , James A. Garfield ( the 20th President ) , William McKinley ( the 25th President ) and John F. Kennedy ( the 35th President ) .	1
how many presidents have been assassinated	Two presidents were injured in attempted assassinations : former President Theodore Roosevelt ( the 26th President ) , and President Ronald Reagan ( the 40th President ) .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Although the historian J.W . Clarke has suggested that most American assassinations were politically motivated actions , carried out by rational men , not all such attacks have been undertaken for political reasons .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Some attackers had questionable mental stability , and a few were judged legally insane .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Since the Vice President of the United States has for more than a century been elected from the same political party as the President , the assassination of the President is unlikely to result in major policy changes .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	This may explain why political groups typically do not make such attacks .	0
what genre is where the red fern grows	Where the Red Fern Grows is a novel written by Wilson Rawls in 1961 about a boy who buys and trains two Redbone Coonhound hunting dogs .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma ( ) ( Pawnee : Uukuhuúwa , Cayuga : Gahnawiyoˀgeh ) is a state located in West South Central United States .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States .	0
what does oklahoma produce	The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning `` red people '' , and it is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Formed by the combination of Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory on November 16 , 1907 , Oklahoma was the 46th state to enter the union .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Its residents are known as Oklahomans or , informally `` Okies '' , and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City .	0
what does oklahoma produce	A major producer of natural gas , oil , and agriculture , Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation , energy , telecommunications , and biotechnology .	1
what does oklahoma produce	It has one of the fastest growing economies in the nation , ranking among the top states in per capita income growth and gross domestic product growth .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma 's primary economic anchors , with nearly two thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas .	0
what does oklahoma produce	With small mountain ranges , prairie , mesas , and eastern forests , most of Oklahoma lies in the Great Plains and the U.S . Interior Highlands —a region especially prone to severe weather .	0
what does oklahoma produce	In addition to having a prevalence of English , German , Scottish , Irish and Native American ancestry , more than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma , second only to California .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma is located on a confluence of three major American cultural regions and historically served as a route for cattle drives , a destination for southern settlers , and a government-sanctioned territory for Native Americans .	0
how many redwall books are there	Redwall , by Brian Jacques , is a series of children 's fantasy novels .	0
how many redwall books are there	It is the title of the first book of the series , published in 1986 , as well as the name of the Abbey featured in the book and the name of an animated TV series based on three of the novels ( Redwall , Mattimeo , and Martin the Warrior ) , which first aired in 1999 .	0
how many redwall books are there	The books are primarily aimed at older children , but have fans of all ages .	0
how many redwall books are there	There have been twenty-two novels and two picture books published .	1
how many redwall books are there	The twenty-second , and final , novel , The Rogue Crew , was posthumously released on May 3 , 2011 .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	Natural Gas is usually measured by volume in the United States and is stated in cubic feet .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	A cubic foot of gas is the amount of gas needed to fill a volume of one cubic foot under set conditions of pressure and temperature.To measure larger amounts of natural gas , a `` therm '' is used to denote 100 cubic feet , and `` mcf '' is used to denote 1,000 cubic feet .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	To provide greater accuracy in comparing fuels , energy content is measured in terms of `` British Thermal Units ( BTU 's ) . ''	0
how many decatherms in a therm	A BTU is the amount of heat required to raise one pound of water ( approximately a pint ) , one degree Fahrenheit at or close to its point of maximum density .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	One British therm ( symbol thm ) is a non- SI unit of heat energy equal to 100,000 British thermal units ( BTU ) .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	It is approximately the energy equivalent of burning 100 cubic feet ( often referred to as 1 CCF ) of natural gas .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	Since ( Natural Gas ) meters measure volume and not energy content , a therm factor is used by ( Natural ) gas companies to convert the volume of gas used to its heat equivalent , and thus calculate the actual energy use .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The therm factor is usually in the units therms/CCF .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	It will vary with the mix of hydrocarbons in the natural gas .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	Natural gas with a higher than average concentration of ethane , propane or butane will have a higher therm factor .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	Impurities , such as carbon dioxide or nitrogen , lower the therm factor .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The volume of the gas is calculated as if measured at standard temperature and pressure ( STP ) .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The heat content of natural gas is solely dependent on the composition of the gas , and is independent of temperature and pressure .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	One therm is equal to about 105.5 megajoules , 25,200 kilocalories or 29.3 kilowatt-hours .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	One therm can also be provided by about of natural gas .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The therm sometimes has been confused with the thermie ( see below ) .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The names of both units come from the Greek word for heat .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	A thermie ( th ) is a metric unit of heat energy , part of the meter-tonne-second system sometimes used by European engineers .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The thermie is equal to the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of 1 tonne of water by 1 °C .	0
how many decatherms in a therm	The thermie is equivalent to 1,000 kilocalories , 4.1868 megajoules or 3968.3 BTU .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
what date did the american civil war start	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	1
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
what date did the american civil war start	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
what date did the american civil war start	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
what does bruce jenner do	William Bruce Jenner ( born October 28 , 1949 ) is a former U.S. track and field athlete , motivational speaker , socialite , television personality and businessman .	1
what does bruce jenner do	He won the gold medal for decathlon in the Montreal 1976 Summer Olympics .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Following his Olympic win and the related recognition , he married Kris Kardashian , and his professional career evolved into being a television celebrity .	0
what does bruce jenner do	By 1981 , he had starred in several made-for-TV movies and was Erik Estrada 's replacement on the top rated TV series CHiPs .	0
what does bruce jenner do	He has six children : Burt , Casey , Brandon , Brody , Kendall and Kylie .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Since his 1991 marriage to Kris Jenner , he is the stepfather to Kourtney , Kim , Khloe and Rob Kardashian .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Since 2007 , he has appeared with his blended family on Keeping Up with the Kardashians .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	Escherichia coli ( ; commonly abbreviated E. coli ) is a Gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium that is commonly found in the lower intestine of warm-blooded organisms ( endotherms ) .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	Most E. coli strains are harmless , but some serotypes can cause serious food poisoning in humans , and are occasionally responsible for product recalls due to food contamination .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	The harmless strains are part of the normal flora of the gut , and can benefit their hosts by producing vitamin K2 , and by preventing the establishment of pathogenic bacteria within the intestine .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	E. coli and related bacteria constitute about 0.1 % of gut flora , and fecal–oral transmission is the major route through which pathogenic strains of the bacterium cause disease .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	Cells are able to survive outside the body for a limited amount of time , which makes them ideal indicator organisms to test environmental samples for fecal contamination .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	There is , however , a growing body of research that has examined environmentally persistent E. coli which can survive for extended periods outside of the host .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	The bacterium can also be grown easily and inexpensively in a laboratory setting , and has been intensively investigated for over 60 years .	0
how does the e coli bacteria cause death	E. coli is the most widely studied prokaryotic model organism , and an important species in the fields of biotechnology and microbiology , where it has served as the host organism for the majority of work with recombinant DNA .	0
what area code is 217	Area code 217 is the North American telephone area code for much of western and central Illinois .	1
what area code is 217	The 217 area includes Illinois ' capital , Springfield , plus Champaign , Urbana , Decatur , Danville , Quincy , and Rantoul .	1
what area code is 217	217 was one of the original area codes , which were created in 1947 .	0
what area code is 217	The only significant change in 217 's boundaries was in 1957 , when its northern portion was combined with part of area code 815 to form area code 309 .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	Image of the largest Antarctic ozone hole ever recorded ( September 2006 ) , over the Southern pole	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	Layers of the atmosphere ( not to scale )	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	Ozone depletion describes two distinct but related phenomena observed since the late 1970s : a steady decline of about 4 % per decade in the total volume of ozone in Earth 's stratosphere ( the ozone layer ) , and a much larger springtime decrease in stratospheric ozone over Earth 's polar regions .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	The latter phenomenon is referred to as the ozone hole .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	In addition to these well-known stratospheric phenomena , there are also springtime polar tropospheric ozone depletion events .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	The details of polar ozone hole formation differ from that of mid-latitude thinning , but the most important process in both is catalytic destruction of ozone by atomic halogens .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	The main source of these halogen atoms in the stratosphere is photodissociation of man-made halocarbon refrigerants ( CFCs , freons , halons ) .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	These compounds are transported into the stratosphere after being emitted at the surface .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	Both types of ozone depletion were observed to increase as emissions of halo-carbons increased .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	CFCs and other contributory substances are referred to as ozone-depleting substances ( ODS ) .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	Since the ozone layer prevents most harmful UVB wavelengths ( 280–315 nm ) of ultraviolet light ( UV light ) from passing through the Earth 's atmosphere , observed and projected decreases in ozone have generated worldwide concern leading to adoption of the Montreal Protocol that bans the production of CFCs , halons , and other ozone-depleting chemicals such as carbon tetrachloride and trichloroethane .	0
what causes destruction of the ozone layer	It is suspected that a variety of biological consequences such as increases in skin cancer , cataracts , damage to plants , and reduction of plankton populations in the ocean 's photic zone may result from the increased UV exposure due to ozone depletion .	0
what does it mean to form a more perfect union	The Preamble to the United States Constitution is a brief introductory statement of the Constitution 's fundamental purposes and guiding principles .	0
what does it mean to form a more perfect union	It states in general terms , and courts have referred to it as reliable evidence of , the Founding Fathers ' intentions regarding the Constitution 's meaning and what they hoped the Constitution would achieve as it pertains to all of the people of the United States .	0
what does it mean to form a more perfect union	As the phrase , `` we the people '' suggests that the new government originates from the people of the United States and it sets into motion a question as it pertains to that vast population concerning the individual rights and equality among all people ; this can be seen most broadly in the divide between republicanism and social democracy .	0
how do i measure the shot put throw	Czechoslovakian shot putter Plihan at the 1957 East German Indoor Athletics Championships	0
how do i measure the shot put throw	The shot put ( pronounced ) is a track and field event involving `` throwing '' / '' putting '' ( throwing in a pushing motion ) a heavy spherical object —the shot—as far as possible .	0
how do i measure the shot put throw	The shot put competition for men has been a part of the modern Olympics since their revival in 1896 , women 's competition began in 1948 .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	Map of the United Nations ( UN ) member states , with their territories ( including dependent territories ) recognized by the UN in blue	0
what countries belong with the united nations	There are United Nations ( UN ) member states , and each of them is a member of the United Nations General Assembly .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	The criteria for admission of new members are set out in the United Nations Charter , Chapter II , Article 4:	0
what countries belong with the united nations	A recommendation for admission from the Security Council requires affirmative votes from at least nine of the council 's fifteen members , with none of the five permanent members voting against .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	The Security Council 's recommendation must then be subsequently approved in the General Assembly by a two-thirds majority vote .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	In principle , only sovereign states can become UN members , and currently all UN members are sovereign states ( although a few members were not sovereign when they joined the UN ) .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	Because a state can only be admitted to the UN by the approval of the Security Council and the General Assembly , a number of states that may be considered sovereign states according to the Montevideo Convention criteria are not members because the UN does not consider them to possess sovereignty , mainly due to the lack of international recognition or opposition from certain members .	0
what countries belong with the united nations	In addition to the member states , the UN also invites non-member states ( currently two : the Holy See and Palestine ) , intergovernmental organizations , and other international organizations and entities whose statehood or sovereignty are not precisely defined , to become observers at the General Assembly , allowing them to participate and speak , but not vote , in General Assembly meetings .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The Eiffel Tower ( , ) is an iron lattice tower located on the Champ de Mars in Paris , named after the engineer Gustave Eiffel , whose company designed and built the tower .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	Erected in 1889 as the entrance arch to the 1889 World 's Fair , it has become both a global cultural icon of France and one of the most recognizable structures in the world .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The tower is the tallest structure in Paris and the most-visited paid monument in the world ; 7.1 million people ascended it in 2011 .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The third level observatory 's upper platform is at the highest accessible to public in the European Union and the highest in Europe as long as the platform of the Ostankino Tower , at , remains closed as a result of the fire of August 2000 .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The tower received its 250 millionth visitor in 2010 .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The tower stands tall , about the same height as an 81-storey building .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	During its construction , the Eiffel Tower surpassed the Washington Monument to assume the title of the tallest man-made structure in the world , a title it held for 41 years , until the Chrysler Building in New York City was built in 1930 .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	Because of the addition , in 1957 , of the antenna atop the Eiffel Tower , it is now taller than the Chrysler Building .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	Not including broadcast antennas , it is the second-tallest structure in France , after the Millau Viaduct .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The tower has three levels for visitors .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	Tickets can be purchased to ascend , by stairs or lift ( elevator ) , to the first and second levels .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The walk from ground level to the first level is over 300 steps , as is the walk from the first to the second level .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The third and highest level is accessible only by lift—stairs do exist but are usually closed to the public .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The first and second levels have restaurants .	0
what color is the eiffel tower	The tower has become the most prominent symbol of both Paris and France , often in the establishing shot of films set in the city .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Kenneth Wayne `` Ken '' Jennings III ( born May 23 , 1974 ) is an American game show contestant and author .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Jennings is noted for holding the record for the longest winning streak on the U.S. syndicated game show Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	and as being the all-time leading money winner on American game shows .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	In 2004 , Jennings won 74 Jeopardy !	1
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	games before he was defeated by challenger Nancy Zerg on his 75th appearance .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	His total earnings on Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	are $ 3,172,700 , consisting of $ 2,520,700 over his 74 wins , a $ 2,000 second-place prize in his 75th appearance , a $ 500,000 second-place prize in the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Ultimate Tournament of Champions , as well as half of a $ 300,000 prize in the IBM Challenge .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	During his first run of Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	appearances , Jennings earned the record for the highest American game show winnings .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	His total was surpassed by Brad Rutter , who defeated Jennings in the finals of the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Ultimate Tournament of Champions ( first aired on May 25 , 2005 ) , adding $ 2,000,000 to Rutter 's existing Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	winnings .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Jennings regained the record after appearing on several other game shows , culminating in an appearance on Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader ?	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	( first aired on October 10 , 2008 ) , though Rutter retains the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	record .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	After his success on Jeopardy ! , Jennings wrote about his experience and explored American trivia history and culture in his book Brainiac : Adventures in the Curious , Competitive , Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs , published in 2006 .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The Canadian Football League or CFL ( ' [ LCF ] in French ) is a professional sports league located in Canada .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The CFL is the highest level of competition in Canadian football , a form of gridiron football closely related to American football .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	Its eight current teams , which are located in eight separate cities , are divided into two divisions of four teams each — the East Division and the West Division .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The league 's 19-week regular season runs from late June to early November ; each team plays 18 games with one bye week .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	Following the regular season , the three teams with the best records in their division ( except if the fourth place team in one division has a better record than the third place team in the other division , when the team with the better record makes the playoffs and `` crosses over '' to the other division 's playoff ) compete in the league 's three-week divisional playoffs , which culminate in the late-November Grey Cup championship , the country 's largest annual sports and television event .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The CFL was officially founded on January 19 , 1958 , making it the second oldest gridiron football league in North America still in operation , although all its teams long predate the modern formation of the league .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	It is the highest level of play in Canadian football , the most popular football league in Canada , and the second-most popular major sports league in Canada , after the National Hockey League .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	Although ice hockey is Canada 's most popular sport , the CFL has increased the popularity of Canadian football in Quebec and Western Canada .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	Canadian football is also played at amateur levels ( i.e . youth , high school , CJFL , QJFL , CIS and senior leagues such as the Alberta Football League ) .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The 2010s will be a significant decade for the CFL in terms of growth , as teams have renovated , expanded stadiums , or plan to build entirely new stadiums .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The Montreal Alouettes accomplished this first , adding 5,000 seats to Percival Molson Memorial Stadium in time for the 2010 CFL season .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The Edmonton Eskimos and Calgary Stampeders also renovated their respective stadiums and facilities for the 2010 season .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	In 2011 , the BC Lions played under a new , retractable roof in BC Place after spending one and a half seasons at Empire Field .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	Then the Winnipeg Blue Bombers will play in an entirely new stadium at the University of Manitoba , scheduled to open in time for the 2013 season .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	The Hamilton Tiger-Cats , Saskatchewan Roughriders and the new Ottawa franchise are also looking at new or extensively-renovated stadiums in the following years .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	There are also hopes of expanding the league to Atlantic Canada ( ideally basing a team in either the more populated Halifax , or the more centralized Moncton ) , as 2010 and 2011 had regular season games hosted in Moncton .	0
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league	According to sports historian Douglas Brei , the Canadian Football League holds the distinction of being the only professional sports league in North America , major or minor league , in which each existing franchise has won at least one league title while in their current location .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Each antibody binds to a specific antigen ; an interaction similar to a lock and key .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	An antibody ( Ab ) , also known as an immunoglobulin ( Ig ) , is a large Y-shaped protein produced by B-cells that is used by the immune system to identify and neutralize foreign objects such as bacteria and viruses .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	The antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target , called an antigen .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Each tip of the `` Y '' of an antibody contains a paratope ( a structure analogous to a lock ) that is specific for one particular epitope ( similarly analogous to a key ) on an antigen , allowing these two structures to bind together with precision .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly ( for example , by blocking a part of a microbe that is essential for its invasion and survival ) .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	The production of antibodies is the main function of the humoral immune system .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Antibodies are secreted by a type of white blood cell called a plasma cell .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Antibodies can occur in two physical forms , a soluble form that is secreted from the cell , and a membrane -bound form that is attached to the surface of a B cell and is referred to as the B cell receptor ( BCR ) .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	The BCR is only found on the surface of B cells and facilitates the activation of these cells and their subsequent differentiation into either antibody factories called plasma cells , or memory B cells that will survive in the body and remember that same antigen so the B cells can respond faster upon future exposure .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	In most cases , interaction of the B cell with a T helper cell is necessary to produce full activation of the B cell and , therefore , antibody generation following antigen binding .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Soluble antibodies are released into the blood and tissue fluids , as well as many secretions to continue to survey for invading microorganisms .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Antibodies are glycoproteins belonging to the immunoglobulin superfamily ; the terms antibody and immunoglobulin are often used interchangeably .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Antibodies are typically made of basic structural units—each with two large heavy chains and two small light chains .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	There are several different types of antibody heavy chains , and several different kinds of antibodies , which are grouped into different isotypes based on which heavy chain they possess .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Five different antibody isotypes are known in mammals , which perform different roles , and help direct the appropriate immune response for each different type of foreign object they encounter .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar , a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable , allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures , or antigen binding sites , to exist .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	This region is known as the hypervariable region .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	The large and diverse population of antibodies is generated by random combinations of a set of gene segments that encode different antigen binding sites ( or paratopes ) , followed by random mutations in this area of the antibody gene , which create further diversity .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	Antibody genes also re-organize in a process called class switching that changes the base of the heavy chain to another , creating a different isotype of the antibody that retains the antigen specific variable region .	0
what antibodies are produced in large quantities	This allows a single antibody to be used by several different parts of the immune system .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The symbol used by the Zodiac Killer to sign his correspondence	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The Zodiac Killer was a serial killer who operated in Northern California in the late 1960s and early 1970s .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The killer 's identity remains unknown .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The Zodiac murdered victims in Benicia , Vallejo , Lake Berryessa , and San Francisco between December 1968 and October 1969 .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	Four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The killer originated the name `` Zodiac '' in a series of taunting letters sent to the local Bay Area press .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	These letters included four cryptograms ( or ciphers ) .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	Of the four cryptograms sent , only one has been definitively solved .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	Suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	In April 2004 , the San Francisco Police Department marked the case `` inactive '' , yet re-opened the case at some point prior to March 2007 .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The case also remains open in the city of Vallejo , as well as in Napa County and Solano County .	0
what happened to the zodiac killer	The California Department of Justice has maintained an open case file on the Zodiac murders since 1969 .	0
what county is jennings , la	Jennings is a small city in and the parish seat of Jefferson Davis Parish , Louisiana , United States , near Lake Charles .	1
what county is jennings , la	The population was 10,383 at the 2010 census , a small decline from the 2000 tabulation .	0
what county is jennings , la	The city is 68 percent white .	0
what county is jennings , la	Jennings is the principal city of the Jennings Micropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Jefferson Davis Parish .	0
what county is jennings , la	It is also part of the larger Lake Charles-Jennings Combined Statistical Area .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology ( sometimes shortened to `` nanotech '' ) is the manipulation of matter on an atomic and molecular scale .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The earliest , widespread description of nanotechnology referred to the particular technological goal of precisely manipulating atoms and molecules for fabrication of macroscale products , also now referred to as molecular nanotechnology .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	A more generalized description of nanotechnology was subsequently established by the National Nanotechnology Initiative , which defines nanotechnology as the manipulation of matter with at least one dimension sized from 1 to 100 nanometers .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	This definition reflects the fact that quantum mechanical effects are important at this quantum-realm scale , and so the definition shifted from a particular technological goal to a research category inclusive of all types of research and technologies that deal with the special properties of matter that occur below the given size threshold .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	It is therefore common to see the plural form `` nanotechnologies '' as well as `` nanoscale technologies '' to refer to the broad range of research and applications whose common trait is size .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Because of the variety of potential applications ( including industrial and military ) , governments have invested billions of dollars in nanotechnology research .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Through its National Nanotechnology Initiative , the USA has invested 3.7 billion dollars .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The European Union has invested 1.2 billion and Japan 750 million dollars .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology as defined by size is naturally very broad , including fields of science as diverse as surface science , organic chemistry , molecular biology , semiconductor physics , microfabrication , etc .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The associated research and applications are equally diverse , ranging from extensions of conventional device physics to completely new approaches based upon molecular self-assembly , from developing new materials with dimensions on the nanoscale to direct control of matter on the atomic scale .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Scientists currently debate the future implications of nanotechnology .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology may be able to create many new materials and devices with a vast range of applications , such as in medicine , electronics , biomaterials and energy production .	1
how does nanotechnology affect health	On the other hand , nanotechnology raises many of the same issues as any new technology , including concerns about the toxicity and environmental impact of nanomaterials , and their potential effects on global economics , as well as speculation about various doomsday scenarios .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	These concerns have led to a debate among advocacy groups and governments on whether special regulation of nanotechnology is warranted .	0
what countries were depended on USSR after 1945	Map of the Eastern Bloc	0
what countries were depended on USSR after 1945	The term Eastern Bloc or Communist Bloc refers to the former communist states of Central and Eastern Europe , generally the Soviet Union and the countries of the Warsaw Pact .	0
what countries were depended on USSR after 1945	The terms Communist Bloc and Soviet Bloc were also used to denote groupings of states aligned with the Soviet Union , although these terms might include states outside Central and Eastern Europe .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	The New Jersey gubernatorial election of 2009 took place on November 3 , 2009 .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	Democratic Governor Jon Corzine was running for a second term and was being challenged by Republican Chris Christie , Independent Christopher Daggett and nine others , in addition to several write-in candidates .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	Christie won the election , with about 48.5 percent of the vote , to 44.9 percent for Corzine and 5.8 percent for Daggett .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	Christie won the largest margin for a first term Republican since 1969 .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	Christie assumed office on January 19 , 2010 .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	This was the first election to fill the newly created office of Lieutenant Governor .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	The candidates for governor and lieutenant governor were joined together as a single choice , so that voters did not have the opportunity to split the ticket .	0
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ	Kim Guadagno , Christie 's running mate , became New Jersey 's first lieutenant governor following her inauguration .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health care in the United States is provided by many distinct organizations .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health care facilities are largely owned and operated by private sector businesses .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health insurance for public sector employees is primarily provided by the government .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	60-65 % of healthcare provision and spending comes from programs such as Medicare , Medicaid , TRICARE , the Children 's Health Insurance Program , and the Veterans Health Administration .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Most of the population under 65 is insured by their or a family member 's employer , some buy health insurance on their own , and the remainder are uninsured .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Of 17 high-income countries studied by the National Institutes of Health in 2013 , the United States was at or near the bottom in infant mortality , heart and lung disease , sexually transmitted infections , adolescent pregnancies , injuries , homicides , and rates of disability .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Together , such issues place the U.S. at the bottom of the list for life expectancy .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	On average , a U.S. male can be expected to live almost four fewer years than those in the top-ranked country .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the United States spent more on health care per capita ( $ 7,146 ) , and more on health care as percentage of its GDP ( 15.2 % ) , than any other nation in 2008 .	1
how much does united states spend on health care	The Commonwealth Fund ranked the United States last in the quality of health care among similar countries , and notes U.S. care costs the most .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	The U.S. Census Bureau reported that 49.9 million residents , 16.3 % of the population , were uninsured in 2010 ( up from 49.0 million residents , 16.1 % of the population , in 2009 ) .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2004 Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) report said : `` The United States is among the few industrialized nations in the world that does not guarantee access to health care for its population . ''	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2004 OECD report said : `` With the exception of Mexico , Turkey , and the United States , all OECD countries had achieved universal or near-universal ( at least 98.4 % insured ) coverage of their populations by 1990 . ''	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2010 report observed that lack of health insurance causes roughly 48,000 unnecessary deaths every year in the United States .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	In 2007 , 62.1 % of filers for bankruptcies claimed high medical expenses .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2013 study found that about 25 % of all senior citizens declare bankruptcy due to medical expenses , and 43 % are forced to mortgage or sell their primary residence .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	On March 23 , 2010 , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) became law , providing for major changes in health insurance .	0
how much water is the human body made of	In physiology , body water is the water content of the human body .	0
how much water is the human body made of	A significant fraction of the human body is water .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Arthur Guyton 's Textbook of Medical Physiology states that `` the total amount of water in a man of average weight ( 70 kilograms ) is approximately 40 litres , averaging 57 percent of his total body weight .	0
how much water is the human body made of	In a newborn infant , this may be as high as 75 percent of the body weight , but it progressively decreases from birth to old age , most of the decrease occurring during the first 10 years of life .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Also , obesity decreases the percentage of water in the body , sometimes to as low as 45 percent '' .	0
how much water is the human body made of	These figures are statistical averages , so are illustrative , and like all biostatistics , will vary with things like type of population , age and number of people sampled , and methodology .	0
how much water is the human body made of	So there is not , and can not be , a figure that is exactly the same for all people , for this or any other physiological measure .	0
how much water is the human body made of	For example , Jackson 's ( 1985 ) Anatomy & Physiology for Nurses gives a figure of 60 % for the proportion of body-weight attributable to water , which approximates Guyton 's 57 % .	0
how much water is the human body made of	In diseased states where body water is affected , the compartment or compartments that have changed can give clues to the nature of the problem .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Body water is regulated by hormones , including anti-diuretic hormone ( ADH ) , aldosterone and atrial natriuretic peptide .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Per Netter 's Atlas of Human Physiology , body water is broken down into the following compartments:	0
how much water is the human body made of	Intracellular fluid ( 2/3 of body water ) .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Per Guyton , in a body containing 40 litres of fluid , about 25 litres is intracellular , which amounts to 62.5 % ( 5/8 ) , close enough to the 2/3 rule of thumb .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Jackson 's texts states 70 % of body fluid is intracellular .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Extracellular fluid ( 1/3 of body water ) .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Per Guyton 's illustration , for a 40 litre body , about 15 litres is extracellular , which amounts to 37.5 % Again , this is close to the 1/3 rule of thumb cited here .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Plasma ( 1/5 of extracellular fluid ) .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Per Guyton 's illustration , of the 15 litres of extracellular fluid , plasma volume averages 3 litres .	0
how much water is the human body made of	This amounts to 20 % , the same as per Netter 's Atlas .	0
how much water is the human body made of	Interstitial fluid ( 4/5 of extracellular fluid )	0
how much water is the human body made of	Transcellular fluid ( a.k.a . `` third space , '' normally ignored in calculations )	0
how much water is the human body made of	Contained inside organs , such as the gastrointestinal , cerebrospinal , peritoneal , and ocular fluids .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person 's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth .	0
what does low self esteem mean	It is a judgement of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Self-esteem encompasses beliefs ( for example , `` I am competent , '' `` I am worthy '' ) and emotions such as triumph , despair , pride and shame .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Smith and Mackie define it by saying `` The self-concept is what we think about the self ; self-esteem , is the positive or negative evaluations of the self , as in how we feel about it . ''	0
what does low self esteem mean	Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness , prides and discouragement .	0
what does low self esteem mean	One 's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Self-esteem is a disposition that a person has which represents their judgements of their own worthiness .	0
what does low self esteem mean	In the mid-1960s , Morris Rosenberg and social-learning theorists defined self-esteem as a personal worth or worthiness .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Nathaniel Branden in 1969 defined self-esteem as `` the experience of being competent to cope with the basic challenges of life and being worthy of happiness . ''	0
what does low self esteem mean	According to Branden , self-esteem is the sum of self-confidence ( a feeling of personal capacity ) and self-respect ( a feeling of personal worth ) .	0
what does low self esteem mean	It exists as a consequence of the implicit judgement that every person has of their ability to face life 's challenges , to understand and solve problems , and their right to achieve happiness , and be given respect .	0
what does low self esteem mean	As a social psychological construct , self-esteem is attractive because researchers have conceptualized it as an influential predictor of relevant outcomes , such as academic achievement ( Marsh 1990 ) or exercise behavior ( Hagger et al . 1998 ) .	0
what does low self esteem mean	In addition , self-esteem has also been treated as an important outcome due to its close relation with psychological well-being ( Marsh 1989 ) .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Self-esteem can apply specifically to a particular dimension ( for example , `` I believe I am a good writer and I feel happy about that '' ) or a global extent ( for example , `` I believe I am a bad person , and feel bad about myself in general '' ) .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Psychologists usually regard self-esteem as an enduring personality characteristic ( `` trait '' self-esteem ) , though normal , short-term variations ( `` state '' self-esteem ) also exist .	0
what does low self esteem mean	Synonyms or near-synonyms of self-esteem include : self-worth , self-regard , self-respect , and self-integrity .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	A Masonic Lodge , often termed a Private Lodge or Constituent Lodge , is the basic organisational unit of Freemasonry .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	Every new Lodge must be warranted or chartered by a Grand Lodge , but is subject to its direction only in enforcing the published Constitution of the jurisdiction .	1
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	By exception the three surviving lodges that formed the world 's first known Grand Lodge in London ( today called the United Grand Lodge of England ) have the unique privilege to operate as time immemorial i.e . without such warrant ; only one other lodge operates without a warrant - this is the Grand Stewards ' Lodge in London , although it is not also entitled to the `` time immemorial '' title .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	A Freemason is generally entitled to visit any Lodge , in any jurisdiction ( i.e . under any Grand Lodge ) in amity with his own .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	In some jurisdictions this privilege is restricted to Master Masons ( that is , Freemasons who have attained the Order 's third degree ) .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	He is first usually required to check , and certify , the regularity of the relationship of the Lodge - and be able to satisfy that Lodge of his regularity of membership .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	Freemasons gather together as a Lodge to work the three basic Degrees of Entered Apprentice , Fellowcraft and Master Mason .	0
how long has Pilkington company existed	Pilkington Group Limited is a multinational glass manufacturing company headquartered in St Helens , United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Japan-based NSG Group .	0
how long has Pilkington company existed	Prior to its acquisition by NSG in 2006 it was an independent company listed on the London Stock Exchange and for a time was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .	0
what does quotations do in search	A quotation is the repetition of one expression as part of another one , particularly when the quoted expression is well-known or explicitly attributed by citation to its original source , and it is indicated by ( punctuated with ) quotation marks .	0
what does quotations do in search	A quotation can also refer to the repeated use of units of any other form of expression , especially parts of artistic works : elements of a painting , scenes from a movie or sections from a musical composition .	0
what happened in 1877 in us	Year 1877 ( MDCCCLXXVII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper ( Piper nigrum ) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .	1
how does black pepper grow	The fruit , known as a peppercorn when dried , is approximately in diameter , dark red when fully mature , and , like all drupes , contains a single seed .	0
how does black pepper grow	Peppercorns , and the ground pepper derived from them , may be described simply as pepper , or more precisely as black pepper ( cooked and dried unripe fruit ) , green pepper ( dried unripe fruit ) and white pepper ( dried ripe seeds ) .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper is native to south India , and is extensively cultivated there and elsewhere in tropical regions .	0
how does black pepper grow	Currently Vietnam is the world 's largest producer and exporter of pepper , producing 34 % of the world 's Piper nigrum crop as of 2008 .	0
how does black pepper grow	Dried ground pepper has been used since antiquity for both its flavour and as a medicine .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper is the world 's most traded spice .	0
how does black pepper grow	It is one of the most common spices added to European cuisine and its descendants .	0
how does black pepper grow	The spiciness of black pepper is due to the chemical piperine , not to be confused with the capsaicin that gives fleshy peppers theirs .	0
how does black pepper grow	It is in the modern world , often paired with salt .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	Fire hydrant in Charlottesville , Virginia , USA	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	A fire hydrant ( also known colloquially as a fire plug in the United States or as a johnny pump in New York City ) , is an active fire protection measure , and a source of water provided in most urban , suburban and rural areas with municipal water service to enable firefighters to tap into the municipal water supply to assist in extinguishing a fire .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	Buildings near a hydrant may qualify for an insurance discount since firefighters should be able to more rapidly extinguish a fire on the insured property .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	The concept of fire plugs dates to at least the 17th century .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	This was a time when firefighters responding to a call would dig down to the wooden water mains and hastily bore a hole to secure water to fight fires .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	The water would fill the hole creating a temporary well , and be transported from the well to the fire by bucket brigades or , later , by hand-pumped fire engines .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	The holes were then plugged with stoppers , normally redwood , which over time came to be known as fire plugs .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	The location of the plug would often be recorded or marked so that it could be reused in future fires .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	This is the source of the colloquial term fire plug still used for fire hydrants today .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	After the Great Fire of London in 1666 , the city installed water mains with holes drilled at intervals , equipped with risers , allowing an access point to the wooden fire plugs from street level .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	The invention of a post- or pillar-type fire hydrant is generally credited to Frederick Graff Sr. , Chief Engineer of the Philadelphia Water Works around the year 1801 .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	It had a combination hose/faucet outlet and was of `` wet barrel '' design with the valve in the top .	0
how frequent do you inspect hydrants	It is said that Graff held the first patent for a fire hydrant , but this can not be verified because the patent office in Washington D.C. caught on fire in 1836 destroying many patent records from that period in the process .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The President of the Republic of South Africa is the head of state and head of government under South Africa 's Constitution .	0
how south african leaders are elected	From 1961 to 1994 , the head of state was called the State President .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The President is elected by members of the National Assembly , the lower house of Parliament , and is usually the leader of the largest party , which has been the African National Congress since the first non-racial elections were held on 27 April 1994 .	1
how south african leaders are elected	The role was originally founded to be distinct from the now defunct role of prime minister , but the two roles were merged in the 1983 constitution which specified a four-year term of office .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The 1993 and later constitutions limits the president 's time in office to two five-year terms .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The first President to be elected under the new constitution was Nelson Mandela , and the incumbent president is Jacob Zuma .	0
how south african leaders are elected	Under the interim Constitution ( valid from 1994 to 1996 ) , there was a Government of National Unity , in which an MP from the largest opposition party was entitled to a position as Deputy President .	0
how south african leaders are elected	Along with Thabo Mbeki , the last State President , F.W . De Klerk also served as Deputy President , in his capacity as the leader of the National Party which was the second-largest party in the new Parliament .	0
how south african leaders are elected	But De Klerk later resigned and went into opposition with his party .	0
how south african leaders are elected	A voluntary coalition government continues to exist under the new constitution ( adopted in 1996 ) , although there have been no appointments of opposition politicians to the post of deputy president .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Special education or special needs education is the education of students with special needs in a way that addresses the students ' individual differences and needs .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Ideally , this process involves the individually planned and systematically monitored arrangement of teaching procedures , adapted equipment and materials , accessible settings , and other interventions designed to help learners with special needs achieve a higher level of personal self-sufficiency and success in school and community than would be available if the student were only given access to a typical classroom education .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Common special needs include challenges with learning , communication challenges , emotional and behavioral disorders , physical disabilities , and developmental disorders .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Students with these kinds of special needs are likely to benefit from additional educational services such as different approaches to teaching , use of technology , a specifically adapted teaching area , or resource room .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Intellectual giftedness is a difference in learning and can also benefit from specialized teaching techniques or different educational programs , but the term `` special education '' is generally used to specifically indicate instruction of students whose special needs reduce their ability to learn independently or in an ordinary classroom , and gifted education is handled separately .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	In most developed countries , educators are modifying teaching methods and environments so that the maximum number of students are served in general education environments .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Special education in developed countries is often regarded less as a `` place '' and more as `` a range of services , available in every school . ''	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	Integration can reduce social stigmas and improve academic achievement for many students .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	The opposite of special education is general education .	0
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe	General education is the standard curriculum presented with standard teaching methods and without additional supports .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	George Soros ( or ; ; ; born August 12 , 1930 , as Schwartz György ) is a Hungarian-American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	He is the chairman of Soros Fund Management .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	Soros supports progressive-liberal causes .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	He is known as `` The Man Who Broke the Bank of England `` because of his in investment profits during the 1992 Black Wednesday UK currency crisis .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	Between 1979 and 2011 , Soros gave away over $ 8 billion to human rights , public health , and education causes .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	He played a significant role in the peaceful transition from communism to capitalism in Hungary ( 1984–89 ) and provided one of Europe 's largest higher education endowments to Central European University in Budapest .	0
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?	Soros is also the chairman of the Open Society Institute .	0
how was the phone invented	An actor portraying Alexander Graham Bell speaking into an early model telephone .	0
how was the phone invented	The invention of the telephone is the culmination of work done by many individuals , the history of which involves a collection of claims and counterclaims .	1
how was the phone invented	The development of the modern electrical telephone involved an array of lawsuits founded upon the patent claims of several individuals and numerous companies .	0
how was the phone invented	This article covers the early years from 1844 to 1898 , from conception of the idea of an electric voice-transmission device , to failed attempts to use `` make-and-break '' current , to successful experiments with electromagnetic telephones by Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Watson , and finally to commercially successful telephones in the late 19th century .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	A Master of Fine Arts ( MFA , M.F.A . ) is a graduate degree typically requiring 2–3 years of postgraduate study beyond the bachelor 's degree ( BFA ) , although the term of study will vary by country or by university .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	The MFA is a creative degree usually awarded as a terminal degree in visual arts , creative writing , filmmaking , dance , or theatre and other performing arts .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	Coursework is primarily of an applied or performing nature with the program often culminating in a major work or performance .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	Master of Fine Arts programs have generally required a bachelor 's degree prior to admission , but many do not require that the undergraduate major be the same as the MFA field of study .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	The most important admissions requirement has often been a sample portfolio or a performance audition .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	The Master of Fine Arts differs from the Master of Arts in that the MFA , while an academic program , centers around practice in the particular field , whereas programs leading to the MA usually center on the scholarly , academic , or critical study of the field .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	Additionally , in the United States , an MFA is recognized as a terminal degree for practitioners of Visual Art , Design , Dance , Theatre , Film/Video , New Media , and Creative Writing - meaning that it is considered to be the highest degree in its field , and is used as a minimum qualification to be able to apply to become a Full-Time Professor teaching at the University level in these disciplines .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	There are exceptions to this standard in the Arts , notably in the case of music performance , where the MFA is not seen as a terminal degree in the context of the more standardized DMA degree .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	It is also critical to note that in the interest of extending the connection between creative production and continued academic research , some universities have established practice-based Ph.D programs in fields such as creative writing , visual arts , new media , design and theater .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	While this has had an effect in Creative Writing , and to a lesser extent in design and new media , the influx of graduates from practice-based PhD programs has not appreciably changed the standard for the MFA as the terminal degree in most Arts disciplines yet .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	This is an ongoing contentious topic , and is the frequent subject of academic panels , especially at the annual College Art Association conference .	0
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree	The CAA 2008 guidelines regarding the MFA strongly re-affirms that the PhD is not required as a terminal degree in the visual arts .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The atomic bombings of the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan were conducted by the United States during the final stages of World War II in 1945 .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The two events are the only use of nuclear weapons in war to date .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Following a firebombing campaign that destroyed many Japanese cities , the Allies prepared for a costly invasion of Japan .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The war in Europe ended when Nazi Germany signed its instrument of surrender on 8 May , but the Pacific War continued .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Together with the United Kingdom and the Republic of China , the United States called for a surrender of Japan in the Potsdam Declaration on 26 July 1945 , threatening Japan with `` prompt and utter destruction '' .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The Japanese government ignored this ultimatum , and the United States deployed two nuclear weapons developed by the Manhattan Project .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	American airmen dropped Little Boy on the city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 , followed by Fat Man over Nagasaki on 9 August .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Within the first two to four months of the bombings , the acute effects killed 90,000–166,000 people in Hiroshima and 60,000–80,000 in Nagasaki , with roughly half of the deaths in each city occurring on the first day .	1
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The Hiroshima prefecture health department estimated that , of the people who died on the day of the explosion , 60 % died from flash or flame burns , 30 % from falling debris and 10 % from other causes .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	During the following months , large numbers died from the effect of burns , radiation sickness , and other injuries , compounded by illness .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	In a US estimate of the total immediate and short term cause of death , 15–20 % died from radiation sickness , 20–30 % from burns , and 50–60 % from other injuries , compounded by illness .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	In both cities , most of the dead were civilians , although Hiroshima had a sizeable garrison .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	On 15 August , six days after the bombing of Nagasaki , Japan announced its surrender to the Allies , signing the Instrument of Surrender on 2 September , officially ending World War II .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The bombings led , in part , to post-war Japan 's adopting Three Non-Nuclear Principles , forbidding the nation from nuclear armament .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The role of the bombings in Japan 's surrender and their ethical justification are still debated .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi ( ; 2 October 1869 – 30 January 1948 ) , commonly known as Mahatma Gandhi , was the preeminent leader of Indian nationalism in British-ruled India .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Employing non-violent civil disobedience , Gandhi led India to independence and inspired movements for non-violence , civil rights and freedom across the world .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	The son of a senior government official , Gandhi was born and raised in a Hindu Bania community in coastal Gujarat , and trained in law in London .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi became famous by fighting for the civil rights of Muslim and Hindu Indians in South Africa , using new techniques of non-violent civil disobedience that he developed .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Returning to India in 1915 , he set about organising peasants to protest excessive land-taxes .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	A lifelong opponent of `` communalism `` ( i.e . basing politics on religion ) he reached out widely to all religious groups .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He became a leader of Muslims protesting the declining status of the Caliphate .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Assuming leadership of the Indian National Congress in 1921 , Gandhi led nationwide campaigns for easing poverty , expanding women 's rights , building religious and ethnic amity , ending untouchability , increasing economic self-reliance , and above all for achieving Swaraj —the independence of India from British domination .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi led Indians in protesting the national salt tax with the Dandi Salt March in 1930 , and later in demanding the British to immediately Quit India in 1942 , during World War II .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was imprisoned for that and for numerous other political offenses over the years .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi sought to practice non-violence and truth in all situations , and advocated that others do the same .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He saw the villages as the core of the true India and promoted self-sufficiency ; he did not support the industrialization programs of his disciple Jawaharlal Nehru .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He lived modestly in a self-sufficient residential community and wore the traditional Indian dhoti and shawl , woven with yarn he had hand spun on a charkha .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	His chief political enemy in Britain was Winston Churchill , who ridiculed him as a `` half-naked fakir . ''	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was a dedicated vegetarian , and undertook long fasts as means of both self-purification and political mobilization .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	In his last year , unhappy at the partition of India , Gandhi worked to stop the carnage between Muslims , Hindus and Sikhs that raged in the border area between India and Pakistan .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was assassinated on 30 January 1948 by Nathuram Godse who thought Gandhi was too sympathetic to India 's Muslims .	1
how did mohammed gandhi die	30 January is observed as Martyrs ' Day in India .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	The honorific Mahatma ( `` Great Soul '' ) was applied to him by 1914 .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	In India he was also called Bapu ( `` Father '' ) .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He is known in India as the Father of the Nation ; his birthday , 2 October , is commemorated there as Gandhi Jayanti , a national holiday , and world-wide as the International Day of Non-Violence .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi 's philosophy was not theoretical but one of pragmatism , that is , practicing his principles in the moment .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Asked to give a message to the people , he would respond , `` My life is my message . ''	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Joan Crawford ( March 23 , ca . 1904 – May 10 , 1977 ) , born Lucille Fay LeSueur , was an American actress in film , television and theatre .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Starting as a dancer in traveling theatrical companies before debuting on Broadway , Crawford was signed to a motion picture contract by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1925 .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Initially frustrated by the size and quality of her parts , Crawford began a campaign of self-publicity and became nationally known as a flapper by the end of the 1920s .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	In the 1930s , Crawford 's fame rivaled , and later outlasted , MGM colleagues Norma Shearer and Greta Garbo .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Crawford often played hardworking young women who find romance and financial success .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	These `` rags-to-riches '' stories were well received by Depression -era audiences and were popular with women .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Crawford became one of Hollywood 's most prominent movie stars and one of the highest paid women in the United States , but her films began losing money and by the end of the 1930s she was labeled `` box office poison '' .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	After an absence of nearly two years from the screen , Crawford staged a comeback by starring in Mildred Pierce ( 1945 ) , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	In 1955 , she became involved with the Pepsi-Cola Company through her marriage to company Chairman Alfred Steele .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	After his death in 1959 , Crawford was elected to fill his vacancy on the board of directors but was forcibly retired in 1973 .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	She continued acting in film and television regularly through the 1960s , when her performances became fewer ; after the release of the British horror film Trog in 1970 , Crawford retired from the screen .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Following a public appearance in 1974 , after which unflattering photographs were published , Crawford withdrew from public life and became increasingly reclusive until her death in 1977 .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Crawford married four times .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Her first three marriages ended in divorce ; the last ended with the death of husband Alfred Steele .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	She adopted five children , one of whom was reclaimed by his birth mother .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Crawford 's relationships with her two older children , Christina and Christopher , were acrimonious .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	Crawford disinherited the two and , after Crawford 's death , Christina wrote a `` tell-all '' memoir , Mommie Dearest , in which she alleged a lifelong pattern of physical and emotional abuse perpetrated by Crawford .	0
how did Joan Crawford die ?	She was voted the tenth greatest female star in the history of American cinema by the American Film Institute .	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	1910 Buick Tonneau without tonneau cover	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	1903 Ford Model A rear-door Tonneau	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	1903 Lanchester rear-door Tonneau	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	Tonneau cover ( or ) describes a hard or soft cover used to protect unoccupied passenger seats in a convertible or roadster , or the cargo bed in a pickup truck .	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	Hard tonneau covers open by a hinging or folding mechanism while soft covers open by rolling up .	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	The tonneau cover is used to conceal cargo .	0
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?	When the cover is pulled out , it keeps items out of the sun and provides extra security by keeping personal items out of sight , as well as shielding the driver from view .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter is an online social networking service and microblogging service that enables its users to send and read text-based messages of up to 140 characters , known as `` tweets '' .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey and by July , the social networking site was launched .	0
how many users do twitter have	The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity , with over 500 million registered users as of 2012 , generating over 340 million tweets daily and handling over 1.6 billion search queries per day .	1
how many users do twitter have	Since its launch , Twitter has become one of the ten most visited websites on the Internet , and has been described as `` the SMS of the Internet . ''	0
how many users do twitter have	Unregistered users can read tweets , while registered users can post tweets through the website interface , SMS , or a range of apps for mobile devices .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter Inc. is based in San Francisco , with additional servers and offices in New York City , Boston , and San Antonio .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film , co-produced and directed by Todd Phillips and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	It is the first film of The Hangover franchise .The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Heather Graham , Justin Bartha , and Jeffrey Tambor .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	The Hangover tells the story of Phil Wenneck , Stu Price and Alan Garner , who travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party to celebrate their friend Doug Billings ' impending marriage .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	However , Phil , Stu and Alan have no memory of the previous night 's events and must find Doug before the wedding can take place .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	Lucas and Moore wrote the script after executive producer Chris Bender 's friend disappeared and had a large bill after being sent to a strip club .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	After Lucas and Moore sold it to the studio for $ 2 million , Philips and Jeremy Garelick rewrote the script to include a tiger as well as a subplot involving a baby and a police cruiser , and also including boxer Mike Tyson .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	Filming took place in Nevada for 15 days , and during filming , the three main actors ( Cooper , Helms and Galifianakis ) formed a friendship .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	The Hangover was released on June 5 , 2009 , becoming a critical and commercial success .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	It became the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2009 , with a worldwide gross of over US $ 467 million .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	Critics praised the film 's comedic approach but criticized it for its vulgarity .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy , and received multiple other accolades .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	It is the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2009 in the world , as well as the second highest-grossing R-rated comedy ever in the United States , surpassing a record previously held by Beverly Hills Cop for almost 25 years and later being surpassed by Ted in 2012 .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	Out of all R-rated films , it is the third highest-grossing ever in the U.S. , behind only The Passion of the Christ and The Matrix Reloaded .	0
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover	A sequel , The Hangover Part II , was released in 2011 , and a third and final film , The Hangover Part III , is set for release in 2013 .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Events involving meiosis , showing chromosomal crossover	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Meiosis ( ) is a special type of cell division necessary for sexual reproduction in eukaryotes .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	The cells produced by meiosis are gametes or spores .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	In many organisms , including all animals and land plants ( but not some other groups such as fungi ) , gametes are called sperm and egg cells .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Whilst the process of meiosis bears a number of similarities with the 'life-cycle ' cell division process of mitosis , it differs in two important respects:	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	the chromosomes in meiosis undergo a recombination which shuffles the genes producing a different genetic combination in each gamete , compared with the co-existence of each of the two separate pairs of each chromosome ( one received from each parent ) in each cell which results from mitosis .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	the outcome of meiosis is potentially four ( genetically unique ) haploid cells , compared with the two ( genetically identical ) diploid cells produced from mitosis .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Meiosis begins with one diploid cell containing two copies of each chromosome —one from the organism 's mother and one from its father .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	The cell divides twice , potentially producing up to four haploid cells containing one copy of each chromosome .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	( `` Potentially '' because in some cases , such as the formation of oocytes in mammals , only one of the possible four haploid cells survives . )	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	In animals the haploid cell resulting from meiosis is a male or female gamete .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Each of the resulting chromosomes in the gamete cells is a unique mixture of maternal and paternal DNA , resulting in offspring that are genetically distinct from either parent .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	This gives rise to genetic diversity in sexually reproducing populations .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	This genetic diversity can provide the variation of physical and behavioural attributes ( phenotypes ) upon which natural selection can act , but , as described below in Section 6 , Origin and function of meiosis , the genetic diversity may be largely a by-product of the homologous recombination that is primarily employed for its DNA repair function during meiosis .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	It is also noteworthy that during meiosis , specific genes are more highly transcribed , and these are called the meiome , the term used in functional genomics for the meiotic transcriptome .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Meiosis is a key feature for all sexually reproducing eukaryotes in which homologous chromosome pairing , synapse and recombination occur .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	In addition to strong meiotic stage-specific expression of mRNA ( the meiome ) , however , there are also pervasive translational controls ( e.g . selective usage of preformed mRNA ) , regulating the ultimate meiotic stage-specific protein expression of genes during meiosis .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Thus , both the meiome and translational controls determine the broad restructuring of meiotic cells needed to carry out meiosis .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Prior to the meiosis process the cell 's chromosomes are duplicated by a round of DNA replication , creating from the maternal and paternal versions of each chromosome ( homologs ) two exact copies , sister chromatids , attached at the centromere region .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	In the beginning of meiosis the maternal and paternal homologs pair to each other .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Then they typically exchange parts by homologous recombination leading to crossovers of DNA between the maternal and paternal versions of the chromosome .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Spindle fibers bind to the centromeres of each pair of homologs and arrange the pairs at the spindle equator .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Then the fibers pull the recombined homologs to opposite poles of the cell .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	As the chromosomes move away from the center the cell divides into two daughter cells , each containing a haploid number of chromosomes composed of two chromatids .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	After the recombined maternal and paternal homologs have separated into the two daughter cells , a second round of cell division occurs .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	There meiosis ends as the two sister chromatids making up each homolog are separated and move into one of the four resulting gamete cells .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Upon fertilization , for example when a sperm enters an egg cell , two gamete cells produced by meiosis fuse .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	The gamete from the mother and the gamete from the father each contribute one half of the set of chromosomes that make up the new offspring 's genome .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	Meiosis uses many of the same mechanisms as mitosis , a type of cell division used by eukaryotes like plants and animals to split one cell into two identical daughter cells .	0
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle	In all plants and in many protists meiosis results in the formation of spores : haploid cells that can divide vegetatively without undergoing fertilization .	0
how many rounds in boxing	Boxing ( pugilism , prize fighting , the sweet science or in Greek pygmachia ) is a martial art and combat sport in which two people engage in a contest of strength , speed , reflexes , endurance and will by throwing punches with gloved hands .	0
how many rounds in boxing	Amateur boxing is an Olympic and Commonwealth sport and is a common fixture in most of the major international games - it also has its own World Championships .	0
how many rounds in boxing	Boxing is supervised by a referee over a series of one- to three-minute intervals called rounds .	0
how many rounds in boxing	The result is decided when an opponent is deemed incapable to continue by a referee , is disqualified for breaking a rule , resigns by throwing in a towel , or is pronounced the winner or loser based on the judges ' scorecards at the end of the contest .	0
how many rounds in boxing	The birth hour of boxing as a sport may be its acceptance by the ancient Greeks as an Olympic game as early as 688 BC .	0
how many rounds in boxing	Boxing evolved from 16th- and 18th-century prizefights , largely in Great Britain , to the forerunner of modern boxing in the mid-19th century , again initially in Great Britain and later in the United States .	0
how many rounds in boxing	In 2004 , ESPN ranked boxing as the most difficult sport in the world .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	Agreement or concord happens when a word changes form depending on the other words to which it relates .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	It is an instance of inflection , and usually involves making the value of some grammatical category ( such as gender or person ) `` agree '' between different words or parts of the sentence .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	For example , in Standard English , one may say I am or he is , but not `` I is '' or `` he am '' .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	This is because the grammar of the language requires that the verb and its subject agree in person .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	The pronouns I and he are first and third person respectively , as are the verb forms am and is .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	The verb form must be selected so that it has the same person as the subject .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	The agreement based on overt grammatical categories as above is formal agreement , in contrast to notional agreement , which is based on meaning .	0
how does agreement show grammatical relation	For instance , the phrase The United States is treated as singular for purposes of agreement , even though it is formally plural .	0
how much of california is below sea level	This is a list of places below mean sea level that are on land .	0
how much of california is below sea level	Places in tunnels , mines , basements , dug holes ( also with open sky ) , under water , under ice , or existing temporarily as a result of ebbing of sea tide etc . are not included .	0
how much of california is below sea level	All figures are in meters below sea level:	0
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Debbie Macomber ( born October 22 , 1948 in Yakima , Washington ) is a best-selling American author of over 150 romance novels and contemporary women 's fiction .	1
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Over 140 million copies of her books are in print throughout the world , and four have become made-for-TV-movies .	0
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Macomber was the inaugural winner of the fan-voted Quill Award for romance in 2005 and has been awarded both a Romance Writers of America RITA and a lifetime achievement award by the Romance Writers of America .	0
what county is catonsville md in	Catonsville is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .	1
what county is catonsville md in	The population was 41,567 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is catonsville md in	The community lies to the west of Baltimore along the city 's border .	0
what county is catonsville md in	Catonsville is the home of the University of Maryland , Baltimore County ( UMBC ) , a public research university with over 12,000 students .	0
how was a lawyer called in latin	A lawyer , according to Black 's Law Dictionary , is `` a person learned in the law ; as an attorney , counsel or solicitor ; a person who is practicing law . ''	0
how was a lawyer called in latin	Law is the system of rules of conduct established by the sovereign government of a society to correct wrongs , maintain the stability of political and social authority , and deliver justice .	0
how was a lawyer called in latin	Working as a lawyer involves the practical application of abstract legal theories and knowledge to solve specific individualized problems , or to advance the interests of those who retain ( i.e. , hire ) lawyers to perform legal services .	0
how was a lawyer called in latin	The role of the lawyer varies significantly across legal jurisdictions , and so it can be treated here in only the most general terms .	0
how much does vector marketing salary a week	Vector Marketing is the domestic sales arm of Cutco Corporation , an Olean , New York based cutlery manufacturer .	0
what does the family leave act	The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 ( FMLA ) is a United States federal law requiring covered employers to provide employees job-protected and unpaid leave for qualified medical and family reasons .	1
what does the family leave act	Qualified medical and family reasons include : personal or family illness , family military leave , pregnancy , adoption , or the foster care placement of a child .	1
what does the family leave act	The FMLA is administered by the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor .	0
what does the family leave act	The bill was a major part of President Bill Clinton 's agenda in his first term .	0
what does the family leave act	President Clinton signed the bill into law on February 5 , 1993 ( ; 29 U.S.C . sec . 2601 ; 29 CFR 825 ) and it took effect on August 5 , 1993 , six months later .	0
what does the family leave act	The FMLA was intended `` to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families . ''	0
what does the family leave act	The Act allows eligible employees to take up to 12 work weeks of unpaid leave during any 12-month period to attend to the serious health condition of the employee , parent , spouse or child , or for pregnancy or care of a newborn child , or for adoption or foster care of a child .	0
what does the family leave act	In order to be eligible for FMLA leave , an employee must have been at the business at least 12 months , and worked at least 1,250 hours over the past 12 months , and work at a location where the company employs 50 or more employees within 75 miles .	0
what does the family leave act	The FMLA covers both public- and private-sector employees , but certain categories of employees are excluded , including elected officials and their personal staff members .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Vietnam War ( ) was a Cold War -era military conflict that occurred in Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia from 1 November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	This war followed the First Indochina War and was fought between North Vietnam , supported by its communist allies , and the government of South Vietnam , supported by the United States and other anti-communist countries .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Viet Cong ( also known as the National Liberation Front , or NLF ) , a lightly armed South Vietnamese communist common front directed by the North , largely fought a guerrilla war against anti-communist forces in the region .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Vietnam People 's Army ( North Vietnamese Army ) engaged in a more conventional war , at times committing large units into battle .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. and South Vietnamese forces relied on air superiority and overwhelming firepower to conduct search and destroy operations , involving ground forces , artillery , and airstrikes .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The U.S. government viewed involvement in the war as a way to prevent a communist takeover of South Vietnam as part of their wider strategy of containment .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The North Vietnamese government and Viet Cong were fighting to reunify Vietnam under communist rule .	0
how did the vietnam war end	They viewed the conflict as a colonial war , fought initially against France , backed by the U.S. , and later against South Vietnam , which it regarded as a U.S. puppet state .	0
how did the vietnam war end	American military advisors arrived in what was then French Indochina beginning in 1950 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. involvement escalated in the early 1960s , with troop levels tripling in 1961 and tripling again in 1962 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. combat units were deployed beginning in 1965 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Operations spanned international borders , with Laos and Cambodia heavily bombed .	0
how did the vietnam war end	American involvement in the war peaked in 1968 , at the time of the Tet Offensive .	0
how did the vietnam war end	After this , U.S. ground forces were gradually withdrawn as part of a policy known as Vietnamization .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Despite the Paris Peace Accords , signed by all parties in January 1973 , fighting continued .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. military involvement ended on 15 August 1973 as a result of the Case–Church Amendment passed by the U.S. Congress .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The capture of Saigon by the Vietnam People 's Army in April 1975 marked the end of the war , and North and South Vietnam were reunified the following year .	1
how did the vietnam war end	The war exacted a huge human cost in terms of fatalities ( see Vietnam War casualties ) .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Estimates of the number of Vietnamese soldiers and civilians killed vary from 800,000 to 3.1 million .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Some 200,000–300,000 Cambodians , 20,000–200,000 Laotians , and 58,220 U.S. service members also died in the conflict .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Cleveland Volcano in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska photographed from the International Space Station , May 2006 .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Ash plumes reached a height of 19 km during the climactic eruption at Mount Pinatubo , Philippines in 1991 .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	A volcano is an opening , or rupture , in a planet 's surface or crust , which allows hot magma , volcanic ash and gases to escape from the magma chamber below the surface .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Volcanoes are generally found where tectonic plates are diverging or converging .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	A mid-oceanic ridge , for example the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , has examples of volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates pulling apart ; the Pacific Ring of Fire has examples of volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates coming together .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	By contrast , volcanoes are usually not created where two tectonic plates slide past one another .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Volcanoes can also form where there is stretching and thinning of the Earth 's crust in the interiors of plates , e.g. , in the East African Rift , the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and the Rio Grande Rift in North America .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	This type of volcanism falls under the umbrella of `` Plate hypothesis '' volcanism .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Volcanism away from plate boundaries has also been explained as mantle plumes .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	These so-called `` hotspots `` , for example Hawaii , are postulated to arise from upwelling diapirs with magma from the core–mantle boundary , 3,000 km deep in the Earth .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Erupting volcanoes can pose many hazards , not only in the immediate vicinity of the eruption .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Volcanic ash can be a threat to aircraft , in particular those with jet engines where ash particles can be melted by the high operating temperature .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Large eruptions can affect temperature as ash and droplets of sulfuric acid obscure the sun and cool the Earth 's lower atmosphere or troposphere ; however , they also absorb heat radiated up from the Earth , thereby warming the stratosphere .	0
how do you know if a volcano is extinct	Historically , so-called volcanic winters have caused catastrophic famines .	0
How is the pothole formed	A deep pothole on New York City 's Second Avenue	0
How is the pothole formed	A pothole ( sometimes called a kettle and known in parts of the Western United States as a chuckhole ) is a type of disruption in the surface of a roadway where a portion of the road material has broken away , leaving a hole .	1
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Renal cell carcinoma ( RCC , also known as hypernephroma ) is a kidney cancer that originates in the lining of the proximal convoluted tubule , the very small tubes in the kidney that transport GF ( glomerular filtrate ) from the glomerulus to the descending limb of the nephron .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	RCC is the most common type of kidney cancer in adults , responsible for approximately 80 % of cases .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	It is also known to be the most lethal of all the genitourinary tumors .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Initial treatment is most commonly a radical or partial nephrectomy and remains the mainstay of curative treatment .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Where the tumor is confined to the renal parenchyma , the 5-year survival rate is 60-70 % , but this is lowered considerably where metastases have spread .	1
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	It is relatively resistant to radiation therapy and chemotherapy , although some cases respond to immunotherapy .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Targeted cancer therapies such as sunitinib , temsirolimus , bevacizumab , interferon-alpha , and sorafenib have improved the outlook for RCC .	0
what does estee lauder do	Estée Lauder Companies , Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare , makeup , fragrance and hair care products .	1
what does estee lauder do	The company has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .	0
what does peritoneal cavity hold	The peritoneum ( ) is the serous membrane that forms the lining of the abdominal cavity or the coelom —it covers most of the intra-abdominal ( or coelomic ) organs—in amniotes and some invertebrates ( annelids , for instance ) .	0
what does peritoneal cavity hold	It is composed of a layer of mesothelium supported by a thin layer of connective tissue .	0
what does peritoneal cavity hold	The peritoneum both supports the abdominal organs and serves as a conduit for their blood and lymph vessels and nerves .	0
what does peritoneal cavity hold	The abdominal cavity ( the space bounded by the vertebrae , abdominal muscles , diaphragm and pelvic floor ) should not be confused with the intraperitoneal space ( located within the abdominal cavity , but wrapped in peritoneum ) .	0
what does peritoneal cavity hold	The structures within the intraperitoneal space are called `` intraperitoneal '' ( e.g . the stomach ) , the structures in the abdominal cavity that are located behind the intraperitoneal space are called `` retroperitoneal `` ( e.g . the kidneys ) , and those structures below the intraperitoneal space are called `` subperitoneal '' or `` infraperitoneal '' ( e.g . the bladder ) .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Modern 2.5 '' SSD used in consumer laptops and desktop computers .	0
how does a solid state drive work	DDR SDRAM based SSD .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Max and .	0
how does a solid state drive work	PCI attached IO Accelerator SSD	0
how does a solid state drive work	PCI-E , DRAM , and NAND based SSD .	0
how does a solid state drive work	It uses an external power supply to make the DRAM non-volatile .	1
how does a solid state drive work	A solid-state drive ( SSD ) ( also known as a solid-state disk or electronic disk , though it contains no actual `` disk '' of any kind ) is a data storage device using integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data persistently .	1
how does a solid state drive work	SSD technology uses electronic interfaces compatible with traditional block input/output ( I/O ) hard disk drives .	0
how does a solid state drive work	SSDs have no moving mechanical components , which distinguish them from traditional electromechanical magnetic disks such as hard disk drives ( HDDs ) or floppy disks , which contain spinning disks and movable read/write heads .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Compared with electromechanical disks , SSDs are typically less susceptible to physical shock , much quieter , have lower access time , and less latency .	0
how does a solid state drive work	However , while the price of SSDs has continued to decline in 2012 , SSDs are still about 7 to 8 times more expensive per unit of storage than HDDs .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Many SSDs use I/O interfaces developed for hard disk drives , thus permitting simple replacement in common applications .	0
how does a solid state drive work	, most SSDs use NAND-based flash memory , which retains data without power .	0
how does a solid state drive work	For applications requiring fast access , but not necessarily data persistence after power loss , SSDs may be constructed from random-access memory ( RAM ) .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Such devices may employ separate power sources , such as batteries , to maintain data after power loss .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Hybrid drives or solid state hybrid drives ( SSHD ) combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit , containing a large hard disk drive and an SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed data .	0
how does a solid state drive work	These devices may offer near-SSD performance for many applications .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Salmon roe ( left ) and sturgeon caviar ( right ) served with mother of pearl caviar spoons to avoid tainting the taste of the caviar .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Ossetra caviar , salmon creme fraiche , potato shallot croquette , basil oil , egg whites and yolks	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Caviar , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization , is a product made from salt-cured fish-eggs of the Acipenseridae family .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	The roe can be `` fresh '' ( non-pasteurized ) or pasteurized , with pasteurization reducing its culinary and economic value .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Traditionally the term caviar refers only to roe from wild sturgeon in the Caspian and Black Seas ( Beluga , Ossetra and Sevruga caviars ) .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Depending on the country , caviar may also be used to describe the roe of other fish such as salmon , steelhead , trout , lumpfish , whitefish , and other species of sturgeon .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	Caviar is considered a luxury delicacy and is eaten as a garnish or a spread .	0
how do they harvest caviar ?	In 2012 , caviar sold for $ 2,500 per pound , or $ 3,000 to $ 5,500 per kilo .	0
what channel is sec network ?	The SEC Network is a television syndication network featuring live broadcasts of college football and basketball events from the Southeastern Conference .	0
what channel is sec network ?	It is owned and operated by ESPN Plus and is shown in more than 50 percent of households in the United States , mostly Southeastern United States markets .	0
what channel is sec network ?	The SEC Network typically airs in the noon eastern slot that was former home to the Raycom Sports SEC game of the week .	0
what channel is sec network ?	Games are shown locally on broadcast stations , regional sports networks , as well as on ESPN GamePlan , ESPN Full Court , and ESPN3.com .	0
what channel is sec network ?	The SEC Network is also available in Canada via Atlanta 's WPCH-TV .	0
what channel is sec network ?	The SEC Network uses the same on-screen graphics currently used by ESPN on ABC , a version of ESPN 's graphics package .	0
what channel is sec network ?	SEC Network 's football programming still uses a title safe area because most of its affiliates do not Letterbox their Standard Definition feeds , while ESPN 's television networks have allowed their graphics to abandon the title safe , but letterbox for SD viewers .	0
what channel is sec network ?	Starting with the SEC 2012 Basketball season , SEC Network 's graphics have been converted to a 16:9 Widescreen-only format .	0
what channel is sec network ?	This is also being used for the 2013 Basketball season , but had still adapted the former 4:3-safe graphics format for the 2012 SEC football season .	0
what happened in the 90 's	The 1990s , pronounced and also known as `` the Nineteen-Nineties '' or abbreviated as `` the Nineties '' or `` the '90s '' , was a decade that began on January 1 , 1990 , and ended on December 31 , 1999 .	0
what happened in the 90 's	It was the 10th and last decade of the 20th century and the 100th and last decade of the 2nd millennium .	0
what happened in the 90 's	The decade is best known for the end of the Cold War at the beginning of the decade and the expansion and commercialization of the Internet during the second half of the decade .	0
what happened in the 90 's	In much of the West the 1990s is remembered as a period of unprecedented peace and prosperity , though many parts of the so-called Third World faced various problems including genocide , AIDS and new or continuing ethnic tensions and civil wars .	0
what happened in the 90 's	Culturally speaking the decade was characterized by the rise of multiculturalism and alternative media .	0
what happened in the 90 's	Movements such as grunge , the rave scene and hip hop spread around the world to young people during the decade , aided by then-new technology such as cable television and the Internet .	0
what happened in the 90 's	A combination of factors , including the mass mobilization of capital markets through neoliberalism , the beginning of the widespread proliferation of new media such as the Internet , and the dissolution of the Soviet Union led to a realignment and reconsolidation of economic and political power across the world , and within countries .	0
what happened in the 90 's	Income inequality among countries in the world rose sharply between the 1980s and the mid-1990s , before levelling off and then falling after 2000 .	0
what happened in the 90 's	New ethnic conflicts emerged in Africa , the Balkans and the Caucasus , the former two which led to the Rwandan genocide and Bosnian genocide , respectively .	0
what happened in the 90 's	The United States began its current military occupation of the Middle East during the summer of 1990 with Desert Shield after it cut off a large portion of the world 's petroleum supply .	0
what happened in the 90 's	Signs of any resolution of tensions between Israel and the Arab world remained elusive , though the Irish Troubles came to a standstill in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement after 30 years of violence .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	The gray wolf or grey wolf ( Canis lupus ) is a species of canid native to the wilderness and remote areas of North America , Eurasia , and North Africa .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It is the largest member of its family , with males averaging , and females .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It is similar in general appearance and proportions to a German shepherd , or sled dog , but has a larger head , narrower chest , longer legs , straighter tail and bigger paws .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	Its winter fur is long and bushy , and predominantly a mottled gray in colour , although nearly pure white , red , or brown to black also occur .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	Within the genus Canis , the gray wolf represents a more specialised and progressive form than its smaller cousins ( the coyote and golden jackal ) , as demonstrated by its morphological adaptations to hunting large prey , its more gregarious nature and its highly advanced expressive behavior .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It is a social animal , travelling in nuclear families consisting of a mated pair , accompanied by the pair 's adult offspring .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	The gray wolf is typically an apex predator throughout its range , with only humans and tigers posing a serious threat to it .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It feeds primarily on large ungulates , though it also eats smaller animals , livestock , carrion , and garbage .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	The gray wolf is one of the world 's most well researched animals , with probably more books written about it than any other wildlife species .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It has a long history of association with humans , having been despised and hunted in most agricultural communities due to its attacks on livestock , while conversely being respected by some Native American tribes .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	It is the sole ancestor of the dog , which was first domesticated in the Middle East .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	Although the fear of wolves is prevalent in many human societies , the majority of recorded attacks on people have been attributed to animals suffering from rabies .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	Non-rabid wolves have attacked and killed people , mainly children , but this is unusual , as wolves are relatively few , live away from people , and have been taught to fear humans by hunters and shepherds .	0
How many Gray Wolves are in the world	Hunting and trapping has reduced the species ' range to , though its still relatively widespread range and stable population means that the species is not threatened at a global level , and is therefore classified by the IUCN as Least Concern .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The Roman Empire ( ) was the post- Republican period of the ancient Roman civilization , characterised by an autocratic form of government and large territorial holdings around the Mediterranean in Europe , Africa , and Asia .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The 500-year-old Roman Republic , which preceded it , had been destabilized through a series of civil wars .	1
how long did the roman empire last	Several events marked the transition from Republic to Empire , including Julius Caesar 's appointment as perpetual dictator ( 44 BC ) ; the Battle of Actium ( 31 BC ) ; and the granting of the honorific Augustus to Octavian by the Roman Senate ( 27 BC ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The first two centuries of the Empire were a period of unprecedented stability and prosperity known as the Pax Romana ( `` Roman Peace '' ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	It reached its greatest expanse during the reign of Trajan ( 98–117 AD ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	In the 3rd century , the Empire underwent a crisis that threatened its existence , but was reunified and stabilized under the emperors Aurelian and Diocletian .	0
how long did the roman empire last	Christians rose to power in the 4th century , during which time a system of dual rule was developed in the Latin West and Greek East .	0
how long did the roman empire last	After the collapse of central government in the West in the 5th century , the eastern half continued as what would later be known as the Byzantine Empire .	0
how long did the roman empire last	Because of the Empire 's vast extent and long endurance , the institutions and culture of Rome had a profound and lasting influence on the development of language , religion , architecture , philosophy , law , and forms of government in the territory it governed , particularly Europe , and by means of European expansionism throughout the modern world .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Education in the United States is mainly provided by the public sector , with control and funding coming from three levels : local , state , and federal , in that order .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Child education is compulsory , and there are also a large number and wide variety of higher education institutions throughout the country that one can choose to attend , both publicly and privately administered .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Public education is universally available .	0
how many high schools are in the us	School curricula , funding , teaching , employment , and other policies are set through locally elected school boards with jurisdiction over school districts with many directives from state legislatures .	0
how many high schools are in the us	School districts are usually separate from other local jurisdictions , with independent officials and budgets .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Educational standards and standardized testing decisions are usually made by state governments .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The ages for compulsory education vary by state .	0
how many high schools are in the us	It begins from ages five to eight and ends from ages fourteen to eighteen .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Compulsory education requirements can generally be satisfied by educating children in public schools , state-certified private schools , or an approved home school program .	0
how many high schools are in the us	In most public and private schools , education is divided into three levels : elementary school , middle school ( sometimes called junior high school ) , and high school ( sometimes referred to as secondary education ) .	0
how many high schools are in the us	In almost all schools at these levels , children are divided by age groups into grades , ranging from kindergarten ( followed by first grade ) for the youngest children in elementary school , up to twelfth grade , the final year of high school .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The exact age range of students in these grade levels varies slightly from area to area .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Post-secondary education , better known as `` college `` in the United States , is generally governed separately from the elementary and high school system , and is described in a separate section below .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Government supported , free public schools for all started being established after the revolution , and expanded in the 19th century , as the results of efforts of men like Horace Mann and Booker T. Washington .	0
how many high schools are in the us	By 1870 , all states had free elementary schools , albeit only in urban centers .	0
how many high schools are in the us	As the 20th century drew nearer , states started passing laws to make schooling compulsory , and by 1910 , 72 percent of children attended school .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Private schools continued to spread during this time , as well as colleges and—in the rural centers— land grant colleges .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The year of 1910 also saw the first true high schools .	0
how many high schools are in the us	During the rest of the 20th century , educational efforts centered on reducing the inequality of the schooling system .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The landmark Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education made the desegregation of elementary and high schools a national priority , while the Pell Grant program helped poor minorities gain access to college .	0
how many high schools are in the us	Special education was made into federal law in 1975 .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 made standardized testing a requirement , and in 1983 , a commission was established to evaluate their results and propose a course of action .	0
how many high schools are in the us	The resulting No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 was controversial and its goals proved to be unrealistic .	0
how many high schools are in the us	A commission established in 2006 evaluated higher education , but its recommendations have yet to be fully implemented .	0
How Did Paul Bragg Die	Paul Bragg ( February 6 , 1895 – December 7 , 1976 ) , nutritionist , was a pioneer in America’s wellness movement .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Health spending per capita , in $ US PPP-adjusted , with the US and Canada compared amongst other first world nations .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Comparison of the health care systems in Canada and the United States are often made by government , public health and public policy analysts .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The two countries had similar health care systems before Canada reformed its system in the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The United States spends much more money on health care than Canada , on both a per-capita basis and as a percentage of GDP .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	In 2006 , per-capita spending for health care in Canada was US $ 3,678 ; in the U.S. , US $ 6,714 .	1
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The U.S. spent 15.3 % of GDP on health care in that year ; Canada spent 10.0 % .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	In 2006 , 70 % of health care spending in Canada was financed by government , versus 46 % in the United States .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Total government spending per capita in the U.S. on health care was 23 % higher than Canadian government spending , and U.S. government expenditure on health care was just under 83 % of total Canadian spending ( public and private ) though these statistics do n't take into account population differences .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Studies have come to different conclusions about the result of this disparity in spending .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	A 2007 review of all studies comparing health outcomes in Canada and the US in a Canadian peer-reviewed medical journal found that `` health outcomes may be superior in patients cared for in Canada versus the United States , but differences are not consistent . ''	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Life expectancy is longer in Canada , and its infant mortality rate is lower than that of the U.S. , but there is debate about the underlying causes of these differences .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	One commonly cited comparison , the 2000 World Health Organization 's ratings of `` overall health service performance '' , which used a `` composite measure of achievement in the level of health , the distribution of health , the level of responsiveness and fairness of financial contribution '' , ranked Canada 30th and the US 37th among 191 member nations .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	This study rated the US `` responsiveness '' , or quality of service for individuals receiving treatment , as 1st , compared with 7th for Canada .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	While the average life expectancy for Canadians was 80.34 years compared with 78.6 years for residents of the US , simply comparing the life expectancy of two groups with different racial makeup and different obesity rates is likely not an effective way of determining which healthcare system is superior .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The WHO 's study methods were criticized by some analyses .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Although there is a measure of consensus that life-expectancy and infant mortality mark the most reliable ways to compare nation-wide health care , assuming the population makeup is similar , a recent report by the Congressional Research Service carefully summarizes some recent data and notes the `` difficult research issues '' facing international comparisons .	0
what creates sonic boom	The sound source has now broken through the sound speed barrier , and is traveling at 1.4 times the speed of sound , ( Mach 1.4 ) .	0
what creates sonic boom	Since the source is moving faster ( with a speed ) than the sound waves it creates , it actually leads the advancing wavefront .	0
what creates sonic boom	The sound source will pass by a stationary observer ( with a speed ) before the observer actually hears the sound it creates .	0
what creates sonic boom	As a result , an observer in front of the source will detect	0
what creates sonic boom	and an observer behind the source .	0
what creates sonic boom	A sonic boom produced by an aircraft moving at M=2.92 , calculated from the cone angle of 20 degrees .	0
what creates sonic boom	An observer hears the boom when the shock wave , on the edges of the cone , crosses his or her location .	0
what creates sonic boom	Mach cone angle	0
what creates sonic boom	A sonic boom is the sound associated with the shock waves created by an object traveling through the air faster than the speed of sound .	1
what creates sonic boom	Sonic booms generate enormous amounts of sound energy , sounding much like an explosion .	0
what creates sonic boom	The crack of a supersonic bullet passing overhead is an example of a sonic boom in miniature .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is an American late-night talk show hosted by Jay Leno that initially aired from May 25 , 1992 to May 29 , 2009 , and resumed production on March 1 , 2010 .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The fourth incarnation of the Tonight Show franchise made its debut on May 25 , 1992 , three days following Johnny Carson 's retirement as host of the program .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The program originates from NBC Studios in Burbank , California , and is broadcast Monday through Friday at 11:35 PM in the Eastern and Pacific time zones ( 10:35 PM Central / Mountain time ) .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	Unlike Carson or his predecessor Jack Paar , Leno only once utilized a guest host , preferring to host the series by himself .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	On April 26 , 1999 , the show began broadcasting in 1080i HDTV , becoming the first American nightly talk show to be shot in high definition .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The show is shot in 16:9 aspect ratio .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The series , which followed the same basic format as that of his predecessors ( an opening monologue followed by comedy routines , interviews and performances ) , ran until May 29 , 2009 , after which Leno was succeeded by Conan O'Brien .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	NBC signed Leno to a new deal for a nightly talk show in the 10:00 pm ET timeslot .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The primetime series , titled The Jay Leno Show , debuted on September 14 , 2009 , following a similar format to the Leno incarnation of Tonight .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	Neither O'Brien 's version of the program , which premiered June 1 , 2009 , nor The Jay Leno Show generated the ratings that NBC had expected .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The network decided to move a condensed 30-minute version of Leno 's show to O'Brien 's time slot , and O'Brien 's Tonight Show a half-hour later .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	This decision met with opposition from O'Brien , whose stint on The Tonight Show ended January 22 , 2010 , after which he began his own talk show on TBS .	0
what channel is jay leno on ?	The Tonight Show with Jay Leno then began its second and current incarnation , the sixth of the franchise , on March 1 , 2010 .	0
how is rfid tag powered	RFID chip next to a grain of rice .	0
how is rfid tag powered	This chip contains a radio-frequency electromagnetic field coil that modulates an external magnetic field to transfer a coded identification number when queried by a reader device .	0
how is rfid tag powered	This small type is incorporated in consumer products , and implanted in pets , for identification purposes .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) is the wireless non-contact use of radio-frequency electromagnetic fields to transfer data , for the purposes of automatically identifying and tracking tags attached to objects .	0
how is rfid tag powered	The tags contain electronically stored information .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Some tags are powered and read at short ranges ( a few meters ) via magnetic fields ( electromagnetic induction ) .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Others use a local power source such as a battery , or else have no battery but collect energy from the interrogating EM field , and then act as a passive transponder to emit microwaves or UHF radio waves ( i.e. , electromagnetic radiation at high frequencies ) .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Battery powered tags may operate at hundreds of meters .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Unlike a bar code , the tag does not necessarily need to be within line of sight of the reader , and may be embedded in the tracked object .	0
how is rfid tag powered	RFID tags are used in many industries .	0
how is rfid tag powered	An RFID tag attached to an automobile during production can be used to track its progress through the assembly line .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Pharmaceuticals can be tracked through warehouses .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Livestock and pets may have tags injected , allowing positive identification of the animal .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Since RFID tags can be attached to clothing , possessions , or even implanted within people , the possibility of reading personally-linked information without consent has raised privacy concerns .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	Id , ego and super-ego are the three parts of the psychic apparatus defined in Sigmund Freud 's structural model of the psyche ; they are the three theoretical constructs in terms of whose activity and interaction mental life is described .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	According to this model of the psyche , the id is the set of uncoordinated instinctual trends ; the super-ego plays the critical and moralizing role ; and the ego is the organized , realistic part that mediates between the desires of the id and the super-ego .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	The super-ego can stop you from doing certain things that your id may want you to do .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	Even though the model is structural and makes reference to an apparatus , the id , ego and super-ego are functions of the mind rather than parts of the brain and do not correspond one-to-one with actual somatic structures of the kind dealt with by neuroscience .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	The concepts themselves arose at a late stage in the development of Freud 's thought : the `` structural model '' ( which succeeded his `` economic model '' and `` topographical model '' ) was first discussed in his 1920 essay `` Beyond the Pleasure Principle `` and was formalized and elaborated upon three years later in his `` The Ego and the Id `` .	0
how does fraud called the psyche mind	Freud 's proposal was influenced by the ambiguity of the term `` unconscious `` and its many conflicting uses .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	Air Force ROTC emblem	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	The Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps ( AFROTC ) is one of the three primary commissioning sources for officers in the United States Air Force , the other two being the United States Air Force Academy ( USAFA ) and Air Force Officer Training School ( OTS ) .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	A subordinate command of the Air University within the Air Education and Training Command ( AETC ) , AFROTC is aligned under the Jeanne M. Holm Center for Officer Accessions and Citizen Development at Maxwell AFB , Alabama .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	The Holm Center , formerly known as the Air Force Officer Accession and Training Schools ( AFOATS ) , retains direct responsibility for both AFROTC and OTS .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	AFROTC is the largest and oldest source of commissioned officers for the U.S. Air Force .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	AFROTC 's stated mission is to produce quality leaders for the U.S. Air Force .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	AFROTC units are located on 144 college and university campuses with 984 additional institutions of higher learning participating in cross-town agreements that allow their students to attend AFROTC classes at a nearby `` host '' college or university .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	According to AFOATS HQ , in 2006 , AFROTC commissioned 2,083 USAF Second Lieutenants , with AFROTC enrollment ranging from 23,605 in 1985 to 10,231 in 1993 , and around 13,000 enrolled today .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	AFROTC units at colleges and universities are called `` detachments , '' and are typically headed by an active duty USAF officer in the rank of colonel or lieutenant colonel who functions as both the Detachment Commander for USAF purposes and with the nominal title of Professor of Aerospace Studies ( PAS ) within the institution 's academic community .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	Most colleges and universities will designate the AFROTC detachment as the Department of Aerospace Studies .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	The PAS is assisted by three to four Assistant Professors of Aerospace Studies ( APAS ) , all active duty USAF officers in the ranks of major or captain .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	Three USAF non-commissioned officers and one senior non-commissioned officer will typically provide military administrative support and are often augmented by one to two civilian staff support employees of the academic institution .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	Within AFROTC detachments , the students ( referred to as `` cadets '' ) are organized into wings , groups , squadrons , and flights , mirroring the USAF functional wing structure .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	The AFROTC detachment 's cadet wing or cadet group is separated into two divisions : the General Military Course ( GMC ) consisting of the first two years of training , and the Professional Officer Course ( POC ) consisting of the last two years of training .	0
what does CTA stand for afrotc	The AFROTC program is also divided into two training functions : the Academic Classroom Program ( Aerospace Studies classes ) and Cadet Activities ( i.e. , Leadership Laboratory , Physical Training , and other training ) .	0
how is paper measured	Paper density ( also known as basis weight and grammage ) is a term used in the pulp and paper industry and also for fabric industry to denote a measure of mass of the product per unit of area for a type of fabric , paper or paperboard .	0
how is paper measured	The term `` density '' is not used in its traditional sense of mass per unit volume .	0
how is paper measured	`` Paper density '' , rather , is a measure of the area density .	0
how is paper measured	Paper products that let little or no light pass through ( e.g . poster board ) are considered dense or heavy .	0
how is paper measured	Paper products that allow some light to pass through ( e.g . tissue paper ) are considered lightweight .	0
how is paper measured	In the pulp and paper industry , it is common to set a commercial paper machine to produce paper to a target paper density .	0
how is paper measured	Paper density can also be used to distinguish paper from paperboard as the latter usually has a grammage greater than 134 g/m2 .	0
how is paper measured	Two ways of expressing paper density are commonly used:	0
how is paper measured	Expressed in grams per square meter ( g/m2 ) , paper density is also known as grammage .	0
how is paper measured	This is the measure used in most parts of the world .	0
how is paper measured	Expressed in terms of the mass ( expressed as weight ) per number of sheets , it is known as basis weight .	0
how is paper measured	The convention used in the United States and a few other countries using US paper sizes is pounds of a ream of 500 ( or in some cases 1000 ) sheets of a given ( raw , still uncut ) basis size .	0
how is paper measured	Japanese paper is expressed as the weight in kg of 1000 sheets .	0
how does candace parker write	Candace Nicole Parker ( born April 19 , 1986 ) is an American basketball player for the WNBA 's Los Angeles Sparks and UMMC Ekaterinburg of Russia .	0
how does candace parker write	She is the younger sister of NBA player Anthony Parker .	0
how does candace parker write	She attended the University of Tennessee and was drafted by the Sparks in 2008 .	0
how does candace parker write	She may be best known for being the first woman to dunk in an NCAA tournament game and the first woman to dunk twice in a college game—she set both milestones as a redshirt freshman on March 19 , 2006 .	0
how does candace parker write	She also became only the second player to dunk in a WNBA game on June 22 , 2008 .	0
how does candace parker write	A versatile player , she is mainly a forward , but was listed on Tennessee 's roster as a forward , center , and guard .	0
how does candace parker write	She was a starter on the Lady Vols basketball team , winners of the 2007 and 2008 NCAA championships .	0
how does candace parker write	Parker won the 2009 Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice award as the favorite female athlete in the sports category .	0
how does candace parker write	And she was a guest star on Figure It Out .	0
what food group is alcohol	A food guide pyramid is a pyramid shaped guide of healthy foods divided into sections to show the recommended intake for each food group .	0
what food group is alcohol	The first food pyramid was published in Sweden in 1974 .	0
what food group is alcohol	The most widely known food pyramid was introduced by the United States Department of Agriculture in the year 1992 , was updated in 2005 , and then replaced in 2011 .	0
what food group is alcohol	Over 25 other countries and organisations have also published food pyramids .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	Hans Christian Andersen ( ; often referred to in Scandinavia as H. C. Andersen ; April 2 , 1805August 4 , 1875 ) was a Danish author and poet .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	Although a prolific writer of plays , travelogues , novels , and poems , Andersen is best remembered for his fairy tales , a literary genre he so mastered that he himself has become as mythical as the tales he wrote .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	Andersen 's popularity is not limited to children ; his stories—called , or `` fantastic tales '' —express themes that transcend age and nationality .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	During his lifetime he was acclaimed for having delighted children worldwide and was feted by royalty .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	Andersen 's fairy tales , which have been translated into more than 125 languages , have become culturally embedded in the West 's collective consciousness , readily accessible to children , but presenting lessons of virtue and resilience in the face of adversity for mature readers as well .	0
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?	They have inspired motion pictures , plays , ballets , and animated films .	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	Two figures locking eyes in Caravaggio 's The Fortune Teller	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	Eye contact occurs when `` two people look at each other 's eyes at the same time . ''	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	In human beings , eye contact is a form of nonverbal communication and is thought to have a large influence on social behavior .	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	Coined in the early to mid-1960s , the term has come in the West to often define the act as a meaningful and important sign of confidence and social communication .	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	The customs and significance of eye contact vary widely between cultures , with religious and social differences often altering its meaning greatly .	0
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?	The study of eye contact is sometimes known as oculesics .	0
how do you get bed bugs	Bed bugs are parasitic insects of the cimicid family that feed exclusively on blood .	0
how do you get bed bugs	The term most commonly refers to members of the genus Cimex of which Cimex lectularius , the common bed bug , is the best known as it prefers to feed on human blood although other Cimex species are specialized to other animals , e.g. , bat bugs , C. pipistrelli ( Europe ) , C. pilosellus ( western US ) , and C. adjunctus ( entire eastern US ) .	0
how do you get bed bugs	The name of the `` bed bug '' is derived from the preferred habitat of Cimex lectularius : warm houses and especially nearby or inside of beds and bedding or other sleep areas .	0
how do you get bed bugs	Bed bugs are mainly active at night , but are not exclusively nocturnal .	0
how do you get bed bugs	They usually feed on their hosts without being noticed .	0
how do you get bed bugs	A number of adverse health effects may result from bed bug bites , including skin rashes , psychological effects , and allergic symptoms .	0
how do you get bed bugs	Diagnosis involves both finding bed bugs and the occurrence of compatible symptoms .	0
how do you get bed bugs	Bed bugs have been known as human parasites for thousands of years .	0
how do you get bed bugs	At a point in the early 1940s , they were mostly eradicated in the developed world , but have increased in prevalence since 1995 .	0
how do you get bed bugs	Because infestation of human habitats has been on the increase , bed bug bites and related conditions have been on the rise as well .	0
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean	The Book of Isaiah ( ) is the first of the Latter Prophets in the Hebrew Bible , preceding Ezekiel , Jeremiah and the Book of the Twelve .	0
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean	( The order of the subsequent books differs somewhat in the Christian Old Testament ) .	0
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean	The first 39 chapters prophesy doom for a sinful Judah and for all the nations of the world that oppose God , while the last 27 prophesy the restoration of the nation of Israel and a new creation in God 's glorious future kingdom ; this section includes the Songs of the Suffering Servant , four separate passages referring to the nation of Israel , interpreted by Christians as prefiguring the coming of Jesus Christ .	0
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean	Tradition ascribes authorship of the book to Isaiah son of Amoz , but now scholars widely agree that the book is the work of three different authors - few scholars deny this view , and those that do , do so for theological reasons .	0
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean	The first , termed Proto-Isaiah ( chapters 1–39 ) , contains the words of the 8th-century BCE prophet with 7th-century BCE expansions ; the second , Deutero-Isaiah ( chapters 40–55 ) , is the work of a 6th-century BCE author writing near the end of the Babylonian captivity ; and the third , the poetic Trito-Isaiah ( chapters 56–66 ) , was composed in Jerusalem shortly after the return from exile , probably by multiple authors .	0
what city is oregon state university in	Oregon State University ( OSU ) is a coeducational , public research university located in Corvallis , Oregon , United States .	1
what city is oregon state university in	The university offers undergraduate , graduate and doctoral degrees and a multitude of research opportunities .	0
what city is oregon state university in	There are more than 200 academic degree programs offered through the university .	0
what city is oregon state university in	OSU 's programs in microbiology , nuclear engineering , ecology , forestry , public health , biochemistry , zoology , oceanography , food science and pharmacy are recognized nationally as top tier programs .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The OSU 's liberal arts programs have also grown significantly and the department is considered a `` cornerstone '' of the institution .	0
what city is oregon state university in	More than 200,000 people have attended OSU since its founding .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The Carnegie Foundation classifies Oregon State University as part of its top tier of research institutions .	0
what city is oregon state university in	As of 2008 , OSU is one of only seventy-three land-grant universities .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The school is also recognized as a sea-grant , space-grant and sun-grant institution , making it one of only two US institutions to retain all four designations and the only public university to do so ( Cornell is the only other with similar designations ) .	0
what city is oregon state university in	As one of the two flagship universities of the Oregon University System , OSU receives more funding for research , annually , than all other public higher education institutions in Oregon combined .	0
how much can female ejaculate	Female ejaculation is the expulsion of fluid by human females from the paraurethral ducts through and around the female urethra during or before an orgasm .	0
how much can female ejaculate	It is also known colloquially as gushing or squirting , although these are considered to be different phenomena in some research publications .	0
how much can female ejaculate	The exact source and nature of the fluid continue to be a topic of debate among medical professionals , which is also related to doubts over the existence of the G-Spot .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	The Kanab ambersnail , scientific name Oxyloma haydeni kanabensis or Oxyloma kanabense , is a critically endangered subspecies or species of small , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	The common name of the amber snails is based on the shell , which is translucent and when empty usually resembles amber in color .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	This species is endemic to the United States , specifically the state of Arizona and Utah , where it was first collected in the early 20th century .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	It has been listed as endangered on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species since 8 August 1991 .	1
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	This snail lives in wetlands , springs , and seeps , and only two of its natural habitats are known to exist : Three Lakes , a meadow near Kanab , Utah , and Vasey 's Paradise , a spring along the Colorado River within Grand Canyon National Park .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	In its natural habitat it is rather polyphagous , feeding mainly on bacteria , plants and fungi , and reproduces during the summer .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	Now considered a Critically Endangered species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species due to a series of factors ( including influence ) , the Kanab ambersnail has been reintroduced to three springs above the historic high water level along the Colorado River .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	The Spanish language is the second most used language in the United States .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	There are more Spanish speakers in the United States than there are speakers of Chinese , French , German , Italian , Hawaiian , and the Native American languages combined .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	According to the 2010 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau , Spanish is the primary language spoken at home by almost 37 million people aged five or older , a figure more than double that of 1990 .	1
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	There are 45 million Hispanophones who speak Spanish as a first or second language , as well as six million Spanish language students , composing the largest national Spanish-speaking community outside of Mexico and making Spanish the Romance language and the Indo-European language with largest number of native speakers in the world .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	Roughly half of all U.S. Spanish speakers also speak English `` very well , '' based on the self-assessment Census question respondents .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	The language came to the country since the 16th and 17th centuries with the arrival of Spanish colonists in areas that would later become the states of Florida , Texas , Colorado , New Mexico , Arizona , Nevada , Utah , and California and of the Spanish explorers - who explored areas of 42 states- .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	Also west of Louisiana Territory was Spanish between 1763 - 1800 ( year of the French recovery of territory ) , after the French and Indian War .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	After of the incorporation of these states to the U.S. in first half of 19th century , the Spanish language was later reinforced by the acquisition of Puerto Rico in 1898 and by later waves of the Hispanic emigration , basically from Hispanic America , to the United States beginning in the second half of 19th century until today .	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	is a Latin word that means `` thus '' or , in writing , `` it was thus in the source material '' .	1
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic may also refer to:	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic , Cluj , a commune in Romania	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC , the regional code for Sicily	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic ( noise artist ) , styled as [ sic ] , stage name of Jennifer Morris , a Canadian noise artist	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic ( band ) is a modern Hardcore/Thrash metal band from Torshavn , the capital of the Faroe Islands	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	`` ( sic ) '' , a song by American band Slipknot on the album Slipknot	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC , the initial of Marco Simoncelli .	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC as an acronym may stand for:	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SiC , Silicon carbide , a semiconducting material , also used to make metalworking tools	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC ( cyclecar ) ( Società Italiana Cyclecars )	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Standard Industrial Classification , a 20th-century U.S. system for classifying industries	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	International Standard Industrial Classification a UN system for economic activities	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Shetland Islands Council	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	the Swiss Interbank Clearing system	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	San Isidro Club , an Argentine rugby union club	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Standing Interpretation Committee , a committee dedicated to the interpretation of international accounting standards IFRS	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Schwarz information criterion in the field of statistics	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Second-in-command in the field of aviation	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sistema Interconectado Central power grid in Chile	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sociedade Independente de Comunicação ( SIC ) , a television channel in Portugal	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sea Isle City , New Jersey , a coastal town in the United States	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Segmented Integer Counter mode , a mode of operation in cryptography	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sepang International Circuit , a high-end racetrack that hosts the Malaysian round of Formula 1	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Shanghai International Circuit , a motor racing venue in Shanghai , China	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Simplified instructional computer , a hypothetical computer used in systems programming	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC ( Sons Idées Couleurs ) , an early twentieth-century art magazine produced by French author Pierre Albert-Birot	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Southeastern Illinois College , a two year Junior College in Harrisburg , Illinois , United States	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Specific inductive capacity , abbreviated to SIC , which is more commonly known as the relative permittivity or the dielectric constant	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	St Ignatius ' College , Riverview , a Jesuit school in Sydney , Australia	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	alt=Five smiling young girls in various poses wearing white smocks over thigh-length dresses of similar color to their hair .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The Tokyo Mew Mew manga and anime series features a cast of characters designed by Mia Ikumi .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The series takes place in Tokyo , Japan , where five adolescent girls , called Mew Mews , are infused with the DNA of endangered species to combat aliens attempting to take over the Earth .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The manga series is followed by a short sequel series , Tokyo Mew Mew a la Mode , which introduces a new Mew Mew and a new threat .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The Mew Mews are led by the main character , Ichigo Momomiya , whose first task is to gather the other four Mew Mews : Mint Aizawa , Lettuce Midorikawa , Pudding Fong , and Zakuro Fujiwara .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	As the series progresses , Ichigo goes from having a crush on Masaya Aoyama to becoming his girlfriend while trying to hide her secret double life from him .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The series antagonists include three aliens , Kish , Pie , and Tart , and their leader , Deep Blue .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	Originally from Earth , the aliens were forced to leave long ago due to deadly environmental changes .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	They have returned to kill the humans , who they feel are destroying their planet , and reclaim the planet .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	In a la Mode , middle school student Berry Shirayuki is introduced as the sixth Mew Mew and , in the absence of Ichigo , the temporary leader of the Mew Mews .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	A la Mode also introduces new set of antagonists , the Saint Rose Crusaders , a group of human teenagers with various psychic abilities with a desire to create their own utopia .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	Led by Duke , they make several attempts to kill Berry , eventually turning the local populace against the Mew Mews .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	Ikumi 's initial vision for Tokyo Mew Mew was a story called Tokyo Black Cat Girl that featured a cat-girl battling alien invaders .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	After the story was transitioned to a more upbeat story of five female superheroes , the character designs were redone to have a lighter , more colorful feel .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The main series characters were praised for being a perfect fit for the overall story , as well as for their cute appearances .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The characters introduced in a la Mode were also praised for their visual appearances , but criticized as being repeats of the original series .	0
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew	The character Duke was also criticized for having a design reminiscent of the white supremacy group , the Ku Klux Klan .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Middle Triassic marginal marine sequence of siltstones ( below ) and limestones ( above ) , Virgin Formation , southwestern Utah , USA	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are types of rock that are formed by the deposition of material at the Earth 's surface and within bodies of water .	1
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentation is the collective name for processes that cause mineral and/or organic particles ( detritus ) to settle and accumulate or minerals to precipitate from a solution .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Particles that form a sedimentary rock by accumulating are called sediment .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Before being deposited , sediment was formed by weathering and erosion in a source area , and then transported to the place of deposition by water , wind , ice , mass movement or glaciers which are called agents of denudation .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The sedimentary rock cover of the continents of the Earth 's crust is extensive , but the total contribution of sedimentary rocks is estimated to be only 8 % of the total volume of the crust .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are only a thin veneer over a crust consisting mainly of igneous and metamorphic rocks .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are deposited in layers as strata , forming a structure called bedding .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The study of sedimentary rocks and rock strata provides information about the subsurface that is useful for civil engineering , for example in the construction of roads , houses , tunnels , canals or other constructions .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are also important sources of natural resources like coal , fossil fuels , drinking water or ores .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The study of the sequence of sedimentary rock strata is the main source for scientific knowledge about the Earth 's history , including palaeogeography , paleoclimatology and the history of life .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The scientific discipline that studies the properties and origin of sedimentary rocks is called sedimentology .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentology is both part of geology and physical geography and overlaps partly with other disciplines in the Earth sciences , such as pedology , geomorphology , geochemistry or structural geology .	0
how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones	350px	0
how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones	Humans are born with over 270 bones , some of which fuse together into a longitudinal axis , the axial skeleton , to which the appendicular skeleton is attached .	1
what did st.patrick do	Saint Patrick ( ; ; Modern ; ; c. 387 – 17 March c. 460 or c. 492 ) was a Romano-British Christian missionary and bishop in Ireland .	0
what did st.patrick do	Known as the `` Apostle of Ireland '' , he is the primary patron saint of the island along with Saints Brigid and Columba .	0
what did st.patrick do	Two authentic letters from him survive , from which come the only generally accepted details of his life .	0
what did st.patrick do	When he was about 16 , he was captured from his home and taken as a slave to Ireland , where he lived for six years before escaping and returning to his family .	0
what did st.patrick do	After becoming a cleric , he returned to northern and western Ireland as an ordained bishop , but little is known about the places where he worked .	0
what did st.patrick do	By the seventh century , he had already come to be revered as the patron saint of Ireland .	0
what did st.patrick do	Most available details of his life are from subsequent hagiographies , and these are now not accepted without detailed criticism .	0
what did st.patrick do	The Annals of Ulster state that he arrived in Ireland in 432 , ministered in Ulster around 443 , and died in 457 or 461 .	0
what did st.patrick do	The text , however , distinguishes between `` Old Patrick '' ( thought to mean Palladius ) and `` Patrick , archapostle of the Scots , '' who died in 492 .	0
what did st.patrick do	The actual dates of Patrick 's life can not be fixed with certainty but , on a widespread interpretation , he was active as a missionary in Ireland during the second half of the 5th century .	0
what did st.patrick do	He is generally credited with being the first bishop of Armagh , Primate of All Ireland .	1
what did st.patrick do	Saint Patrick 's Day is observed on March 17 , the date of his death .	0
what did st.patrick do	It is celebrated both inside and outside Ireland , as both a religious and , especially outside Ireland , secular holiday .	0
what did st.patrick do	In the dioceses of Ireland , it is both a solemnity and a holy day of obligation ; outside Ireland , it can be a celebration of Ireland itself .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Line segments in the golden ratio	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	A golden rectangle with longer side a and shorter side b , when placed adjacent to a square with sides of length a , will produce a similar golden rectangle with longer side a + b and shorter side a .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	This illustrates the relationship .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	In mathematics and the arts , two quantities are in the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is equal to the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one .	1
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The figure on the right illustrates the geometric relationship .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Expressed algebraically:	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	where the Greek letter phi ( ) represents the golden ratio .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Its value is:	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The golden ratio is also called the golden section ( Latin : sectio aurea ) or golden mean .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Other names include extreme and mean ratio , medial section , divine proportion , divine section ( Latin : sectio divina ) , golden proportion , golden cut , and golden number .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Many 20th century artists and architects have proportioned their works to approximate the golden ratio—especially in the form of the golden rectangle , in which the ratio of the longer side to the shorter is the golden ratio—believing this proportion to be aesthetically pleasing ( see Applications and observations below ) .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Mathematicians since Euclid have studied the properties of the golden ratio , including its appearance in the dimensions of a regular pentagon and in a golden rectangle , which can be cut into a square and a smaller rectangle with the same aspect ratio .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The golden ratio has also been used to analyze the proportions of natural objects as well as man-made systems such as financial markets , in some cases based on dubious fits to data .	0
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	North Myrtle Beach is a coastal resort city in Horry County , South Carolina , United States .	1
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	It was created in 1968 from four existing municipalities north of Myrtle Beach , and serves as one of the primary tourist towns along the Grand Strand .	0
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	The population was 13,752 at the 2010 census .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	World War I ( WWI ) was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918 .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	It was predominantly called the World War or the Great War from its occurrence until the start of World War II in 1939 , and the First World War or World War I thereafter .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	It involved all the world 's great powers , which were assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies ( based on the Triple Entente of the United Kingdom , France and Russia ) and the Central Powers ( originally the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy ; but , as Austria–Hungary had taken the offensive against the agreement , Italy did not enter into the war ) .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	These alliances were both reorganised and expanded as more nations entered the war : Italy , Japan and the United States joined the Allies , and the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria the Central Powers .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Ultimately , more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	More than 9 million combatants were killed , largely because of technological advancements that led to enormous increases in the lethality of weapons without corresponding improvements in protection or mobility .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	It was the fifth- deadliest conflict in world history , subsequently paving the way for various political changes , such as revolutions in many of the nations involved .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	One of the long-term causes of the war was the resurgence of imperialism in the foreign policies of the great powers of Europe .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	More immediately , the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , the heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary , on 28 June 1914 by Yugoslav nationalist Gavrilo Princip in Sarajevo triggered a diplomatic crisis when Austria-Hungary subsequently delivered an ultimatum to the Kingdom of Serbia .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Several alliances formed over the previous decades were invoked .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Within weeks , the major powers were at war and , via their colonies , the conflict soon spread around the world .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	On 28 July , the Austro-Hungarians fired the first shots of the war as preparation for the invasion of Serbia .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	While the Russians mobilised , the Germans invaded neutral Belgium and Luxembourg on the way to France , providing a casus belli for Britain 's declaration of war against Germany .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	After the German march on Paris was brought to a halt—the so-called Miracle of the Marne —the Western Front settled into a static battle of attrition with a trench line that changed little until 1917 .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	On the Eastern Front , the Russian army was successful against the Austro-Hungarians , but was stopped in its invasion of East Prussia by the Germans .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	In November the Ottoman Empire joined the war , opening up fronts in the Caucasus , Mesopotamia and the Sinai .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Italy and Bulgaria went to war in 1915 and Romania in 1916 .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	In Russia , the tsar 's government collapsed in March 1917 and a subsequent revolution in November brought the Russians to terms with the Central Powers .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	After a 1918 German offensive along the western front , the Allies drove back the Germans in a series of successful offensives and American forces began entering the trenches .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Germany , which had its own trouble with revolutionaries , agreed to an armistice on 11 November 1918 .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	The war ended in victory for the Allies .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	Events on the home fronts were as tumultuous as on the battle fronts , as the participants tried to mobilize their manpower and economic resources to fight a total war .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	By the end of the war , four major imperial powers—the German , Russian , Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires—ceased to exist .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	The successor states of the former two lost a great amount of territory , while the latter two were dismantled entirely .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	The map of central Europe was redrawn into several smaller states .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	The League of Nations was formed in the hope of preventing another such conflict .	0
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1	The European nationalism spawned by the war and the breakup of empires , the repercussions of Germany 's defeat and problems with the Treaty of Versailles are agreed to be factors contributing to World War II .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Camden is a city in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	It is the county seat , located across the Delaware River from Philadelphia .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	As of the 2010 United States Census the city had a total population of 77,344 , representing a decline of 2,560 ( 3.2 % ) from the 79,904 residents enumerated during the 2000 Census , which had in turn declined by 7,588 ( 8.7 % ) from the 87,492 counted in the 1990 Census .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Camden ranked as the 12th-most populous municipality in the state in 2010 after having been ranked 10th in 2000 .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Camden was originally incorporated as a city on February 13 , 1828 , from portions of the now-defunct Newton Township , while the area was still part of Gloucester County .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	On March 13 , 1844 , Camden became part of the newly formed Camden County .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Although once a thriving center for manufacturing and industry , Camden is perhaps best known for its struggles with urban dysfunction .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Three Camden mayors have been jailed for corruption , the most recent being Milton Milan in 2000 .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Since 2005 the school system and police department have been operated by the state of New Jersey ; the takeover expired in 2012 .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	In 2008 , Camden had the highest crime rate in the U.S. with 2,333 violent crimes per 100,000 people while the national average was 455 per 100,000 .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Camden public schools spent $ 23,770 per student ( $ 19,118 on a budgetary per-pupil basis ) in the 2009–10 school year and two-thirds of the students graduate .	0
how many communities in camden city nj	Two out of every five residents are below the national poverty line .	0
how rare are cardiac issues with amitriptyline	Amitriptyline ( Tryptomer , Elavil , Tryptizol , Laroxyl , Saroten , Sarotex , Lentizol , Endep ) is a tricyclic antidepressant ( TCA ) .	0
how rare are cardiac issues with amitriptyline	It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001 .	0
how rare are cardiac issues with amitriptyline	As well as reducing depressive symptoms , these types of tricyclics also ease migraines , tension headaches , anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms .	0
how rare are cardiac issues with amitriptyline	It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior .	0
How is a computer used ?	A computer is a general purpose device that can be programmed to carry out a finite set of arithmetic or logical operations .	1
How is a computer used ?	Since a sequence of operations can be readily changed , the computer can solve more than one kind of problem .	0
How is a computer used ?	Conventionally , a computer consists of at least one processing element , typically a central processing unit ( CPU ) and some form of memory .	0
How is a computer used ?	The processing element carries out arithmetic and logic operations , and a sequencing and control unit that can change the order of operations based on stored information .	0
How is a computer used ?	Peripheral devices allow information to be retrieved from an external source , and the result of operations saved and retrieved .	0
How is a computer used ?	The first electronic digital computers were developed between 1940 and 1945 in the United Kingdom and United States .	0
How is a computer used ?	Originally they were the size of a large room , consuming as much power as several hundred modern personal computers ( PCs ) .	0
How is a computer used ?	In this era mechanical analog computers were used for military applications .	0
How is a computer used ?	Modern computers based on integrated circuits are millions to billions of times more capable than the early machines , and occupy a fraction of the space .	0
How is a computer used ?	Simple computers are small enough to fit into mobile devices , and mobile computers can be powered by small batteries .	0
How is a computer used ?	Personal computers in their various forms are icons of the Information Age and are what most people think of as “computers.”	0
How is a computer used ?	However , the embedded computers found in many devices from MP3 players to fighter aircraft and from toys to industrial robots are the most numerous .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	`` Barefoot and pregnant '' is a phrase most commonly associated with the controversial idea that women should not work outside the home and should have many children during their reproductive years .	1
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	It has several other meanings as well .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	It is a figure of speech .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	The phrase `` barefoot and pregnant '' was probably first used sometime before 1950 .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	An article from 1949 states , `` By early 1949 , TWA was—in the words of its new president , Ralph S. Damon—both 'barefoot and pregnant . ' ''	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	Its usage may date as early as the 1910s .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	An article published in 1958 states the phrase was first used by a `` Dr. Hertzler '' 40 years earlier .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	`` Some forty years ago , Dr. Hertzler advanced a hypothesis which young women of today seem bent on proving correct. '	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	The only way to keep a woman happy , ' he said , 'is to keep her barefoot and pregnant . ' ''	0
what county is oakhurst , nj in	Oakhurst is a census-designated place and unincorporated community within Ocean Township , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .	1
what county is oakhurst , nj in	As of the 2010 United States Census , the CDP 's population was 3,995 .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	University of Phoenix Stadium , opened August 1 , 2006 , is a multipurpose football stadium located in Glendale , Arizona .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	It is the home of the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League ( NFL ) and the annual Fiesta Bowl .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The stadium is located next door to the Jobing.com Arena and it features the first fully retractable natural grass playing surface built in the United States on top of an AirField Systems drainage system .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	An opening on one side of the stadium allows the playing field to move to the exterior of the building , allowing the entire natural turf playing surface to be exposed to daylight .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The stadium has hosted Super Bowl XLII , and the 2011 BCS National Championship Game , a game that it hosts every four years , which set the venue 's entertainment attendance record of 78,603 on January 11 , 2011 .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	It will again host Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The University of Phoenix acquired the naming rights in September 2006 , shortly after the stadium had opened under the name Cardinals Stadium .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The `` University of Phoenix `` name is applied as a corporate sponsor , and not as the home stadium of the University ( which has no intercollegiate athletics program ) .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The stadium has also hosted the WWE event WrestleMania XXVI with 72,219 fans in attendance .	0
how many seats are in phenix city stadium	The event was held in the stadium on March 28th 2010 .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain ( September 8 , 1828 – February 24 , 1914 ) , born as Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain , was an American college professor from the State of Maine , who volunteered during the American Civil War to join the Union Army .	1
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	Although having no earlier education in military strategies , he became a highly respected and decorated Union officer , reaching the rank of brigadier general ( and brevet major general ) .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	For his gallantry at Gettysburg , he was awarded the Medal of Honor .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	He was given the honor of commanding the Union troops at the surrender ceremony for the infantry of Robert E. Lee 's Army at Appomattox , Virginia .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	After the war , he entered politics as a Republican and served four one-year terms of office as the 32nd Governor of Maine .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	He served on the faculty , and as president , of his alma mater , Bowdoin College .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	An inning , or innings , is a fixed-length segment of a game in any of a variety of sports – most notably cricket and baseball during which one team attempts to score while the other team attempts to prevent the first from scoring .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	In cricket , the term innings is both singular and plural and is always spelled and pronounced with the terminal `` s '' .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	In baseball and softball , the singular form is inning and only the plural takes an `` s '' .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	In many other sports , the length of the game is dictated by a clock and teams swap offensive and defensive roles dynamically by taking possession of a ball or similar item .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	In baseball and cricket , however , one team , said to be `` batting '' , attempts to score `` runs '' —see run ( baseball ) and run ( cricket ) —while the other team , said to be `` fielding '' , attempts to prevent the scoring of runs and get members of the batting team out .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	The teams switch places after the fielding team has succeeded in getting a fixed number of players out , making a clock unnecessary .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	In cricket , the term innings is also used to refer to the play of one particular player ( Smith had a poor innings , scoring only 12 ) .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	By extension , this term can be used in British English for almost any activity which takes a period of time ( The Liberal government had a good innings , but finally lost office in 1972 , or You 've had a fair innings , now it 's my turn , meaning `` you have spoken for long enough , now let me speak '' ) .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	It is also used in reference to someone who has died at a reasonably old age or lived a rich and rewarding life ( Ah , well .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	John was 89 .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	At least he had a good innings ) .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	The baseball-derived parallel to this in American English is the term at bat .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the term innings has been used in reference to cricket since at least 1735 .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	As cricket was a mature , highly organized sport in the 1600s in England , the term 's origin could well precede this first recorded usage .	0
how many innings in overtime in baseball	The word inning meaning 'a gathering in ' is first recorded in 1522 , and could be related .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	Adenosine deaminase deficiency , also called ADA deficiency or ADA-SCID , is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that causes immunodeficiency .	1
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It occurs in fewer than one in 100,000 live births worldwide .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It accounts for about 15 % of all cases of severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It is very rare , you have a 3 % chance of getting this gene .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	ADA deficiency may be present in infancy , childhood , adolescense , or adulthood .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	Age of onset and severity is related to some 29 known genotypes associated with the disorder .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	An example of urban poverty in this slum in Jakarta , Indonesia	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Absolute poverty or destitution refers to the deprivation of basic human needs , which commonly includes food , water , sanitation , clothing , shelter , health care and education .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Relative poverty is defined contextually as economic inequality in the location or society in which people live .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	For much of history , poverty was considered largely unavoidable as traditional modes of production were insufficient to give an entire population a comfortable standard of living .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	After the industrial revolution , mass production in factories made wealth increasingly more inexpensive and accessible .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Of more importance is the modernization of agriculture , such as fertilizers , in order to provide enough yield to feed the population .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	The supply of basic needs can be restricted by constraints on government services such as corruption , tax avoidance , debt and loan conditionalities and by the brain drain of health care and educational professionals .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Strategies of increasing income to make basic needs more affordable typically include welfare , economic freedoms , and providing financial services .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Poverty reduction is a major goal and issue for many international organizations such as the United Nations and the World Bank .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	The World Bank estimated 1.29 billion people were living in absolute poverty in 2008 .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Of these , about 400 million people in absolute poverty lived in India and 173 million people in China .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	In USA 1 in 5 children lives in poverty .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	In terms of percentage of regional populations , sub-Saharan Africa at 47 % had the highest incidence rate of absolute poverty in 2008 .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Between 1990 and 2010 , about 663 million people moved above the absolute poverty level .	0
how poverty affects intelligence	Still , extreme poverty is a global challenge ; it is observed in all parts of the world , including the developed economies .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	Mushroom poisoning ( also known as mycetism ) refers to harmful effects from ingestion of toxic substances present in a mushroom .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	These symptoms can vary from slight gastrointestinal discomfort to death .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	The toxins present are secondary metabolites produced in specific biochemical pathways in the fungal cells .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	Mushroom poisoning is usually the result of ingestion of wild mushrooms after misidentification of a toxic mushroom as an edible species .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	The most common reason for this misidentification is close resemblance in terms of colour and general morphology of the toxic mushrooms species with edible species .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	Even very experienced wild mushroom gatherers are upon rare occasion poisoned by eating toxic species , despite being well aware of the risks , through carelessness .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	To prevent mushroom poisoning , mushroom gatherers need to be very familiar with the mushrooms they intend to collect as well as with any similar-looking toxic species .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	In addition , edibility of mushrooms may depend on methods of preparation for cooking .	0
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms	Collectors also need to be well aware that edibility or toxicity of some species varies with geographic location .	0
how is human height measured	Human height is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body , standing erect .	1
how is human height measured	When populations share genetic background and environmental factors , average height is frequently characteristic within the group .	0
how is human height measured	Exceptional height variation ( around 20 % deviation from average ) within such a population is sometimes due to gigantism or dwarfism , which are medical conditions caused by specific genes or endocrine abnormalities .	0
how is human height measured	In regions of extreme poverty or prolonged warfare , environmental factors like chronic malnutrition during childhood or adolescence may account for delayed growth and/or ( in severe cases ) marked reductions in adult stature even without the presence of any of these medical conditions .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Apollo 11 was the spaceflight that landed the first humans , Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin , on the Moon on July 20 , 1969 , at 20:18 UTC .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Armstrong became the first to step onto the lunar surface 6 hours later on July 21 at 02:56 UTC .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Armstrong spent about two and a half hours outside the spacecraft , Aldrin slightly less ; and together they collected of lunar material for return to Earth .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	A third member of the mission , Michael Collins , piloted the command spacecraft alone in lunar orbit until Armstrong and Aldrin returned to it just under a day later for the trip back to Earth .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Launched by a Saturn V rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Merritt Island , Florida on July 16 , Apollo 11 was the fifth manned mission of NASA 's Apollo program .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	The Apollo spacecraft had three parts : a Command Module with a cabin for the three astronauts which was the only part which landed back on Earth ; a Service Module which supported the Command Module with propulsion , electrical power , oxygen and water ; and a Lunar Module for landing on the Moon .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	After being sent to the Moon by the Saturn V 's upper stage , the astronauts separated the spacecraft from it and travelled for three days until they entered into lunar orbit .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Armstrong and Aldrin then moved into the Lunar Module and landed in the Sea of Tranquility .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	They stayed a total of about 21 and a half hours on the lunar surface .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	After lifting off in the upper part of the Lunar Module and rejoining Collins in the Command Module , they returned to Earth and landed in the Pacific Ocean on July 24 .	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Broadcast on live TV to a world-wide audience , Armstrong stepped onto the lunar surface and described the event as `` one small step for [ a ] man , one giant leap for mankind . ''	0
how did neil armstrong affect the united states	Apollo 11 effectively ended the Space Race and fulfilled a national goal proposed in 1961 by the late U.S. President John F. Kennedy in a speech before the United States Congress , `` before this decade is out , of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth . ''	0
what countries have won the world cup	The FIFA World Cup , often simply the World Cup , is an international association football competition contested by the senior men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930 , except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The current champions are Spain , who won the 2010 tournament .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The current format of the tournament involves 32 teams competing for the title at venues within the host nation ( s ) over a period of about a month ; this phase is often called the World Cup Finals .	0
what countries have won the world cup	A qualification phase , which currently takes place over the preceding three years , is used to determine which teams qualify for the tournament together with the host nation ( s ) .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The 19 World Cup tournaments have been won by eight different national teams .	0
what countries have won the world cup	Brazil have won five times , and they are the only team to have played in every tournament .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The other World Cup winners are Italy , with four titles ; Germany , with three titles ; Argentina and inaugural winners Uruguay , with two titles each ; and England , France , and Spain , with one title each .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The World Cup is the world 's most widely viewed sporting event ; an estimated 715.1 million people watched the final match of the 2006 FIFA World Cup held in Germany .	0
what countries have won the world cup	The next three World Cups will be hosted by Brazil in 2014 , Russia in 2018 , and Qatar in 2022 .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	Genocide is a term coined in 1944 by Raphael Lemkin to describe the deliberate and systematic destruction , in whole or in part , of an ethnic , racial , religious , or national group .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	It is defined in Article 2 of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide ( CPPCG ) of 1948 as `` any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : killing members of the group ; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; deliberately inflicting on the groups conditions of life , calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; [ and ] forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . ''	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	Skulls of victims of the Rwandan Genocide	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	The preamble to the CPPCG not only states that `` genocide is a crime under international law , contrary to the spirit and aims of the United Nations and condemned by the civilized world '' , but also that `` at all periods of history genocide has inflicted great losses on humanity '' .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	Determining what historical events constitute a genocide and which are merely criminal or inhuman behavior is not a clear-cut matter .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	In nearly every case where accusations of genocide have circulated , partisans of various sides have fiercely disputed the interpretation and details of the event , often to the point of promoting wildly different versions of the facts .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	An accusation of genocide is certainly not taken lightly and will almost always be controversial .	0
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?	The following list of genocides and alleged genocides should be understood in this context and can not be regarded as the final word on these subjects .	0
what does a timing belt do	A timing belt is a non-slipping mechanical drive belt and the term may refer to either:	0
what does a timing belt do	Toothed belt , a flexible belt with teeth moulded onto its inner surface	0
what does a timing belt do	Timing belt ( camshaft ) , a toothed belt used to drive the camshaft ( s ) within an internal combustion engine	1
how latin america has changed us culture	The culture of the United States is primarily a Western culture , but is also influenced by Native American , African , Asian , Polynesian , and Latin American cultures .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	American culture started its formation over 10,000 years ago with the migration of Paleo-Indians from Asia into the region that is today the continental United States .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	It has its own unique social and cultural characteristics such as dialect , music , arts , social habits , cuisine , and folklore .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	The United States of America is an ethnically and racially diverse country as a result of large-scale immigration from many different countries throughout its history .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Its chief early European influences came from English , Scottish , Welsh and Irish settlers of colonial America during British rule .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	British culture , due to colonial ties with Britain that spread the English language , legal system and other cultural inheritances , had a formative influence .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Other important influences came from other parts of western Europe , especially Germany , France , and Italy .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Original elements also play a strong role , such as the invention of Jeffersonian democracy .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Thomas Jefferson 's Notes on the State of Virginia was perhaps the first influential domestic cultural critique by an American and a reactionary piece to the prevailing European consensus that America 's domestic originality was degenerate .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Prevalent ideas and ideals that evolved domestically , such as national holidays , uniquely American sports , military tradition , and innovations in the arts and entertainment give a strong sense of national pride among the population as a whole .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	American culture includes both conservative and liberal elements , scientific and religious competitiveness , political structures , risk taking and free expression , materialist and moral elements .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Despite certain consistent ideological principles ( e.g . individualism , egalitarianism , and faith in freedom and democracy ) , American culture has a variety of expressions due to its geographical scale and demographic diversity .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	The flexibility of U.S. culture and its highly symbolic nature lead some researchers to categorize American culture as a mythic identity ; others see it as American exceptionalism .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	It also includes elements that evolved from Indigenous Americans , and other ethnic cultures—most prominently the culture of African Americans , cultures from Latin America , and Asian American cultures .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Many American cultural elements , especially from popular culture , have spread across the globe through modern mass media .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	The United States has often been thought of as a melting pot , but beginning in the late 1990s and early 2000s , it trends towards cultural diversity , pluralism and the image of a salad bowl instead .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	Due to the extent of American culture , there are many integrated but unique social subcultures within the United States .	0
how latin america has changed us culture	The cultural affiliations an individual in the United States may have commonly depend on social class , political orientation and a multitude of demographic characteristics such as religious background , occupation and ethnic group membership .	0
what does point in samoan	Samoan ( Gagana fa'a Sāmoa or Gagana Sāmoa — IPA : ) is the language of the Samoan Islands , comprising the independent country of Samoa and the United States territory of American Samoa .	0
what does point in samoan	It is an official language—alongside English —in both jurisdictions .	0
what does point in samoan	Samoan , a Polynesian language , is the first language for most of the Samoa Islands ' population of about 246,000 .	0
what does point in samoan	With many Samoan people living in other countries , the total number of speakers worldwide is estimated at 370,000 .	0
what does point in samoan	The language is notable for the phonological differences between formal and informal speech as well as a ceremonial form used in Samoan oratory .	0
how is 5 hour glucose tolerance test performed	A glucose tolerance test is a medical test in which glucose is given and blood samples taken afterward to determine how quickly it is cleared from the blood .	0
how is 5 hour glucose tolerance test performed	The test is usually used to test for diabetes , insulin resistance , and sometimes reactive hypoglycemia and acromegaly , or rarer disorders of carbohydrate metabolism .	0
how is 5 hour glucose tolerance test performed	In the most commonly performed version of the test , an oral glucose tolerance test ( OGTT ) , a standard dose of glucose is ingested by mouth and blood levels are checked two hours later .	0
how is 5 hour glucose tolerance test performed	Many variations of the GTT have been devised over the years for various purposes , with different standard doses of glucose , different routes of administration , different intervals and durations of sampling , and various substances measured in addition to blood glucose .	0
what about me moving pictures	`` What About Me '' is a song written by Garry Frost and Frances Swan , first recorded by Australian rock band Moving Pictures from their album Days of Innocence .	0
what about me moving pictures	It was the band 's first number-one single in Australia spending six consecutive weeks on the top ; there , it was the second-highest selling single of 1982 .	0
what about me moving pictures	The success of the song led them to America where it became a hit , reaching # 29 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart .	0
what about me moving pictures	The song stayed in the U.S. charts for such a long time that it managed to make Billboards top 100 Pop Singles of 1983 , at # 88 , a rare feat for a single with such a low peak position .	0
what about me moving pictures	The song made an unusual comeback in 1989 , peaking at # 46 .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	On the left a chicken egg , the egg most commonly eaten by humans , and on the right two quail eggs	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Eggs are laid by females of many different species , including birds , reptiles , amphibians , and fish , and have been eaten by mankind for thousands of years .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell , albumen ( egg white ) , and vitellus ( egg yolk ) , contained within various thin membranes .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Popular choices for egg consumption are chicken , duck , quail , roe , and caviar , but the egg most often consumed by humans is the chicken egg , by a wide margin .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Egg yolks and whole eggs store significant amounts of protein and choline , and are widely used in cookery .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Due to their protein content , the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) categorizes eggs as Meats within the Food Guide Pyramid .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Despite the nutritional value of eggs , there are some potential health issues arising from egg quality , storage , and individual allergies .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	Chickens and other egg-laying creatures are widely kept throughout the world , and mass production of chicken eggs is a global industry .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	In 2009 , an estimated 62.1 million metric tons of eggs were produced worldwide from a total laying flock of approximately 6.4 billion hens .	0
how many eggs per chicken is expected	There are issues of regional variation in demand and expectation , as well as current debates concerning methods of mass production , with the European Union 's ban on battery farming of chickens .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Major League Soccer ( MLS ) is a professional soccer league representing the sport 's highest level in the United States and Canada .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Sanctioned by the United States Soccer Federation ( U.S. Soccer ) , the league is composed of 19 teams — 16 in the U.S. and 3 in Canada .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Seasons presently run from March to December , with each team playing 34 games in the regular season .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Ten teams compete in the postseason MLS Cup Playoffs culminating in the championship game , the MLS Cup .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Major League Soccer was founded in 1993 as part of the United States ' bid to host the 1994 FIFA World Cup .	0
how does the mls schedule work	The first season took place in 1996 beginning with ten teams .	0
how does the mls schedule work	Instead of operating as an association of independently owned teams , MLS is a single entity where each team is owned and controlled by the league 's investors .	0
how does the mls schedule work	The league 's closed membership makes it one of the world 's few soccer leagues not using promotion and relegation .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	The legality of cannabis varies from country to country .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Possession of cannabis is illegal in most countries and has been since the beginning of widespread cannabis prohibition in the late 1930s .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	However , many countries have decriminalized the possession of small quantities of cannabis , particularly in North America , South America and Europe .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Furthermore , possession is legal or effectively legal in the Netherlands , North Korea and would be in the U.S. states of Colorado and Washington if it were not for federal law , which governs persons in all states .	1
what countries legalize marijuana	The medicinal use of cannabis is legal in a number of countries , including Canada , the Czech Republic and Israel .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	While federal law in the United States bans all sale and possession of cannabis , enforcement varies widely at the state level and some states have established medicinal marijuana programs in that contradict federal law ; two states ( Colorado and Washington ) have repealed their laws prohibiting the recreational use of cannabis and replaced them with a regulatory regime , also contrary to federal statute .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some countries have laws that are not as vigorously prosecuted as others but , apart from the countries that offer access to medical marijuana , most countries have various penalties ranging from lenient to very severe .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some infractions are taken more seriously in some countries than others in regard to the cultivation , use , possession or transfer of cannabis for recreational use .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	A few jurisdictions have lessened penalties for possession of small quantities of cannabis , making it punishable by confiscation and a fine , rather than imprisonment .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some jurisdictions/ drug courts use mandatory treatment programs for young or frequent users , with freedom from narcotic drugs as the goal and a few jurisdictions permit cannabis use for medicinal purposes .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	There are also changes in a more restrictive direction as in Canada .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Drug tests to detect cannabis are increasingly common in many countries and have resulted in jail sentences and people losing their jobs .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	However , simple possession can carry long jail sentences in some countries , particularly in parts of East Asia and Southeast Asia where the sale of cannabis may lead to a sentence of life in prison or even execution .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	In cardiovascular physiology , ejection fraction ( EF ) represents the volumetric fraction of blood pumped out of the ventricle ( heart ) with each heart beat or cardiac cycle .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	It can be applied to either the right ventricle which ejects via the pulmonary valve into the pulmonary circulation or the left ventricle which ejects via the aortic valve into the systemic circulation .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	Imaging of the physiology of the mammalian heart is the art that allows meaningful mathematical expression defining EF .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	Noninvasive cardiac imaging has become a worldwide utility enabling study of cardiac performance reproducibly and inexpensively .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	Simplified , Ejection fraction is a mathematical product allowed by cardiac imaging .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	As a mathematical term , Ejection Fraction is an extension of the work of Adolph Fick in cardiac output .	0
how is the ejection fraction measured	Dedicated technology such as Echocardiography , Computed Tomography , Magnetic Resonance Imaging and MUGA scanning have definitively allowed clinically relevant mathematics regarding Ischemia , Congenital Heart Disease and Heart Failure .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	State Route 14 ( SR 14 ) is a north–south state highway in the U.S. state of California , largely in the Mojave Desert .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	The southern portion of the highway is signed as the Antelope Valley Freeway .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	The route connects Interstate 5 , or Golden State Freeway , near Santa Clarita and with U.S. Route 395 near Inyokern .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	Legislatively , the route extends south of I-5 to State Route 1 in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles , however the portion south of the junction with I-5 has not been constructed .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	The southern part of the constructed route is a busy commuter freeway serving and connecting the communities of Santa Clarita , Palmdale and Lancaster with the rest of the Greater Los Angeles area .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	The northern portion , from Vincent ( south of Palmdale ) to Route 395 , is legislatively named the Aerospace Highway , as the highway serves Edwards Air Force Base , once one of the primary landing strips for NASA 's Space Shuttle .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	This section is rural , following the line between the hot Mojave desert and the forming Sierra Nevada mountain range .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	Most of Route 14 is loosely paralleled by a main line of the Southern Pacific Railroad , used for the Antelope Valley Line of the Metrolink commuter rail system as well as a connection between Los Angeles and the California Central Valley via Tehachapi Pass .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	Linked with US 395 , this road connects Los Angeles with such places as Mammoth Mountain , Mono Lake , Yosemite National Park and Reno , Nevada .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	Route 14 was part of U.S. Route 6 prior to truncation in 1964 , when U.S. 6 was a coast-to-coast route from Long Beach to Provincetown , Massachusetts .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	The non-freeway segment of SR 14 from Silver Queen Road north of Rosamond to Mojave is known as Sierra Highway , as is the old routing between Interstate 5 and Silver Queen Road where SR 14 has been moved to a newer freeway alignment .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	Portions of Route 14 remain signed with names associated with US 6 , including Midland Trail , Theodore Roosevelt Highway and Grand Army of the Republic Highway .	0
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?	This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP , an abbreviation for `` no light perception . ''	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with vision .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	To determine which people may need special assistance because of their visual disabilities , various governmental jurisdictions have formulated more complex definitions referred to as legal blindness .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	In North America and most of Europe , legal blindness is defined as visual acuity ( vision ) of 20/200 ( 6/60 ) or less in the better eye with best correction possible .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	This means that a legally blind individual would have to stand from an object to see it—with corrective lenses —with the same degree of clarity as a normally sighted person could from .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	In many areas , people with average acuity who nonetheless have a visual field of less than 20 degrees ( the norm being 180 degrees ) are also classified as being legally blind .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Approximately ten percent of those deemed legally blind , by any measure , have no vision .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	The rest have some vision , from light perception alone to relatively good acuity .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Low vision is sometimes used to describe visual acuities from 20/70 to 20/200 .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	By the 10th Revision of the WHO International Statistical Classification of Diseases , Injuries and Causes of Death , low vision is defined as visual acuity of less than 20/60 ( 6/18 ) , but equal to or better than 20/200 ( 6/60 ) , or corresponding visual field loss to less than 20 degrees , in the better eye with best possible correction .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Blindness is defined as visual acuity of less than 20/400 ( 6/120 ) , or corresponding visual field loss to less than 10 degrees , in the better eye with best possible correction .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Blind people with undamaged eyes may still register light non-visually for the purpose of circadian entrainment to the 24-hour light/dark cycle .	0
how many blind people are there in the us	Light signals for this purpose travel through the retinohypothalamic tract and are not affected by optic nerve damage beyond where the retinohypothalamic tract exits .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	Earl Simmons ( born December 18 , 1970 ) , better known by his stage names DMX and Dark Man X , is an American rapper and actor .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 1999 , DMX released his best-selling album ... And Then There Was X , which featured the hit single `` Party Up ( Up in Here ) `` .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	He has acted in films such as Belly , Romeo Must Die , Exit Wounds , Cradle 2 The Grave , and Last Hour .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 2006 , he starred in the reality television series , which was primarily aired on the BET cable television network .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 2003 , DMX published a book of his memoirs entitled , E.A.R.L . : The Autobiography of DMX .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	DMX released a mixtape The Weigh In as a prelude/promotion towards his album Undisputed ( 2012 ) .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	DMX has sold over 30 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling hip-hop artists of all time .	1
what does the professional designation master mean	Professional certification , trade certification , or professional designation , often called simply certification or qualification , is a designation earned by a person to assure qualification to perform a job or task .	0
what does the professional designation master mean	Not all certifications that use post-nominal letters are an acknowledgement of educational achievement , or an agency appointed to safeguard the public interest .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	Bugs Bunny is a funny animal cartoon character , best remembered for his starring roles in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of theatrical short films produced by Warner Bros. during the Golden age of American animation .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	His popularity during this era led to his becoming a corporate mascot of Warner Bros. Entertainment .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	Bugs is an anthropomorphic gray hare or rabbit who is famous for his flippant , personality , a pronounced New York accent , his portrayal as a trickster , and his catch phrase `` Eh ...	0
how many years of bugs bunny	What 's up , doc ? ''	0
how many years of bugs bunny	( usually said while chewing a carrot ) .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	Bugs has appeared in more films than any other cartoon character and is the ninth most portrayed film personality in the world .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	According to his 1990 `` biography '' Bugs Bunny : 50 Years and Only One Grey Hare , Bugs was born on July 27 , 1940 in Brooklyn , New York in a warren under Ebbets Field , home of the Brooklyn Dodgers .	0
how many years of bugs bunny	In reality , he was brought to life by the animators and staff of Leon Schlesinger Productions ( later Warner Bros. Cartoons ) : including Tex Avery , who directed Bugs ' early definitive short A Wild Hare ( 1940 ) ; Robert McKimson , who created Bugs ' definitive character design ; and Mel Blanc , who originated the voice of Bugs .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The mucous membranes ( or mucosae or mucosas ; singular mucosa ) are linings of mostly endodermal origin , covered in epithelium , which are involved in absorption and secretion .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	They line cavities that are exposed to the external environment and internal organs .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	They are at several places contiguous with skin : at the nostrils , the lips of the mouth , the eyelids , the ears , the genital area , and the anus .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The sticky , thick fluid secreted by the mucous membranes and glands is termed mucus .	1
what do mucous membranes secrete	The term mucous membrane refers to where they are found in the body and not every mucous membrane secretes mucus .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The glans clitoridis , glans penis ( head of the penis ) , along with the inside of the foreskin and the clitoral hood , are mucous membranes .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The urethra is also a mucous membrane .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The secreted mucus traps the pathogens in the body , preventing any further activities of diseases .	0
what does a master sergeant in the air force do	A master sergeant is the military rank for a senior non-commissioned officer in some armed forces .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Cake is a form of bread or bread-like food .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	In its modern forms , it is typically a sweet baked dessert .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	In its oldest forms , cakes were normally fried breads or cheesecakes , and normally had a disk shape .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Determining whether a given food should be classified as bread , cake , or pastry can be difficult .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Modern cake , especially layer cakes , normally contain a combination of flour , sugar , eggs , and butter or oil , with some varieties also requiring liquid ( typically milk or water ) and leavening agents ( such as yeast or baking powder ) .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Flavorful ingredients like fruit purées , nuts , dried or candied fruit , or extracts are often added , and numerous substitutions for the primary ingredients are possible .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Cakes are often filled with fruit preserves or dessert sauces ( like pastry cream ) , iced with buttercream or other icings , and decorated with marzipan , piped borders or candied fruit .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Cake is often the dessert of choice for meals at ceremonial occasions , particularly weddings , anniversaries , and birthdays .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	There are countless cake recipes ; some are bread-like , some rich and elaborate , and many are centuries old .	0
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in	Cake making is no longer a complicated procedure ; while at one time considerable labor went into cake making ( particularly the whisking of egg foams ) , baking equipment and directions have been simplified so that even the most amateur cook may bake a cake .	0
how did Tammy Faye Messner die ?	Tamara Faye LaValley Bakker Messner ( March 7 , 1942 – July 20 , 2007 ) was an American Christian singer , evangelist , entrepreneur , author , talk show host , and television personality .	0
how did Tammy Faye Messner die ?	She was married from 1961 to 1992 to televangelist , and later convicted felon , Jim Bakker .	0
how did Tammy Faye Messner die ?	She co-hosted with him on The PTL Club ( 1976–1987 ) .	0
how did Tammy Faye Messner die ?	She was a participant in the 2004 season of the reality show The Surreal Life .	0
what county is Cambria WI in	Cambria is a village in Columbia County , Wisconsin , United States .	1
what county is Cambria WI in	The population was 767 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is Cambria WI in	It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
how is public policy created	Public policy is the principled guide to action taken by the administrative executive branches of the state with regard to a class of issues in a manner consistent with law and institutional customs .	1
how is public policy created	In general , the foundation is the pertinent national and substantial constitutional law and implementing legislation such as the US Federal code .	0
how is public policy created	Further substrates include both judicial interpretations and regulations which are generally authorized by legislation .	0
how is public policy created	Other scholars define it as a system of `` courses of action , regulatory measures , laws , and funding priorities concerning a given topic promulgated by a governmental entity or its representatives . ''	0
how is public policy created	Public policy is commonly embodied `` in constitutions , legislative acts , and judicial decisions . ''	0
how is public policy created	In the United States , this concept refers not only to the result of policies , but more broadly to the decision-making and analysis of governmental decisions .	0
how is public policy created	As an academic discipline , public policy is studied by professors and students at public policy schools of major universities throughout the country .	0
how is public policy created	The U.S. professional association of public policy practitioners , researchers , scholars , and students is the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Digestion is the mechanical and chemical breakdown of food into smaller components that are more easily absorbed into a blood stream , for instance .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Digestion is a form of catabolism : a breakdown of large food molecules to smaller ones .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	When food enters the mouth , digestion of the food starts by the action of mastication , a form of mechanical digestion , and the wetting contact of saliva .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Saliva , a liquid secreted by the salivary glands , contains salivary amylase , an enzyme which starts the digestion of starch in the food .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	After undergoing mastication and starch digestion , the food will be in the form of a small , round slurry mass called a bolus .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	It will then travel down the esophagus and into the stomach by the action of peristalsis .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Gastric juice in the stomach starts protein digestion .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Gastric juice mainly contains hydrochloric acid and pepsin .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	As these two chemicals may damage the stomach wall , mucus is secreted by the stomach , providing a slimy layer that acts as a shield against the damaging effects of the chemicals .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	At the same time protein digestion is occurring , mechanical mixing occurs by peristalsis , which are waves of muscular contractions that move along the stomach wall .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	This allows the mass of food to further mix with the digestive enzymes .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	After some time ( typically an hour or two in humans , 4–6 hours in dogs , somewhat shorter duration in house cats ) , the resulting thick liquid is called chyme .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	When the pyloric sphincter valve opens , chyme enters the duodenum where it mixes with digestive enzymes from the pancreas , and then passes through the small intestine , in which digestion continues .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	When the chyme is fully digested , it is absorbed into the blood .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	95 % of absorption of nutrients occurs in the small intestine .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Water and minerals are reabsorbed back into the blood in the colon ( large intestine ) where the pH is slightly acidic about 5.6 ~ 6.9 .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Some vitamins , such as biotin and vitamin K ( K2MK7 ) produced by bacteria in the colon are also absorbed into the blood in the colon .	0
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .	Waste material is eliminated from the rectum during defecation .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry VIII ( 28 June 1491 – 28 January 1547 ) was king of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	He was lord , and later king , of Ireland , as well as continuing the nominal claim by the English monarchs to the Kingdom of France .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding his father , Henry VII .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Besides his six marriages , Henry VIII is known for his role in the separation of the Church of England from the Roman Catholic Church .	1
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry 's struggles with Rome led to the separation of the Church of England from papal authority , the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and his own establishment as the Supreme Head of the Church of England .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Yet he remained a believer in core Catholic theological teachings , even after his excommunication from the Roman Catholic Church .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry oversaw the legal union of England and Wales with the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	In 1513 , the new king allied with the Holy Roman Emperor , Maximillian I , and invaded France in 1513 with a large , well-equipped army , but achieved little at a considerable financial cost .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Maximillian , for his part , used the English invasion to his own ends , and this prejudiced England 's ability to defeat the French .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	This foray would prove the start of an obsession for Henry , who invaded again in 1544 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	This time , Henry 's forces captured the important city of Boulogne , but again the Holy Roman Emperor , Charles V , supported Henry only as long as he needed to and England , strained by the enormous cost of the war , ransomed the city back for peace .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	His contemporaries considered Henry in his prime to be an attractive , educated and accomplished king , and he has been described as `` one of the most charismatic rulers to sit on the English throne '' .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Besides ruling with absolute power , he also engaged himself as an author and composer .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	His desire to provide England with a male heir – which stemmed partly from personal vanity and partly because he believed a daughter would be unable to consolidate the Tudor dynasty and the fragile peace that existed following the Wars of the Roses – led to the two things for which Henry is most remembered : his six marriages and the English Reformation .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry became morbidly obese and his health suffered , contributing to his death in 1547 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	He is frequently characterised in his later life as a lustful , egotistical , harsh , and insecure king .	0
what country are bongo drums from ?	Bongos ( Spanish : bongó ) are an Afro-Cuban percussion instrument .	1
what country are bongo drums from ?	The drums are of different size : the larger drum is called in Spanish the hembra ( female ) and the smaller the macho ( male ) .	0
what country are bongo drums from ?	They are membranophones , or instruments that create sound by a vibration of a stretched membrane .	0
how many books in bible	Different religious groups include different books in their Biblical canons , in varying orders , and sometimes divide or combine books , or incorporate additional material into canonical books .	0
how many books in bible	Christian Bibles range from the sixty-six books of the Protestant canon to the eighty-one books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church canon .	1
how many books in bible	The Hebrew Bible , or Tanakh , contains twenty-four books divided into three parts ; the five books of the Torah ( `` teaching '' or `` law '' ) , the Nevi'im ( `` prophets '' ) , and the Ketuvim ( `` writings '' ) .	0
how many books in bible	The first part of Christian Bibles is the Old Testament , which contains , at minimum , the twenty-four books of the Hebrew Bible divided into thirty-nine books and ordered differently from the Hebrew Bible .	0
how many books in bible	The Catholic Church and Eastern Christian churches also hold certain deuterocanonical books and passages to be part of the Old Testament canon .	0
how many books in bible	The second part is the New Testament , containing twenty-seven books ; the four Canonical gospels , Acts of the Apostles , twenty-one Epistles or letters and the Book of Revelation .	0
how many books in bible	The Eastern Orthodox , Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches may have minor differences in their lists of accepted books .	0
how many books in bible	The list given here for these churches is the most inclusive : if at least one Eastern church accepts the book it is included here .	0
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	The national flag of the United States of America , often simply referred to as the American flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the `` union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .	1
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union .	1
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	Nicknames for the flag include the `` Stars and Stripes '' , `` Old Glory `` , and `` The Star-Spangled Banner . ''	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Dred Scott v. Sandford , , also known as the Dred Scott Decision , was a landmark decision by the U.S. Supreme Court .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	It made two main rulings .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The first ruling was that African-Americans were not citizens , and therefore had no standing to sue in federal court .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The second ruling was that the federal government had no power to regulate slavery in any territory acquired subsequent to the creation of the United States .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Given the first ruling , most scholars and many contemporary political figures ( including the leadership of the then-new Republican Party ) considered that the second ruling was not binding precedent , but mere dictum .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The rationale of the Supreme Court regarding the jurisdictional ruling implied that people of African descent ( both slave and free ) were not protected by the Constitution and were not U.S. citizens .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Since passage of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , both rulings are superseded and no longer valid precedent .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Nonetheless , the case retains historical significance as it is widely regarded as the worst decision ever made by the Supreme Court .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The opinion of the court , written by Chief Justice Roger B. Taney , stirred debate .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The decision was 7–2 , and every Justice besides Taney wrote a separate concurrence or dissent .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	For the first time since Marbury v. Madison , the Court held an Act of Congress to be unconstitutional .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Dred Scott , an African-American slave , had asked a United States Circuit Court to award him his freedom because he and his master had resided in a state ( Illinois ) and a territory ( Wisconsin Territory ) where slavery had been banned .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Chief Justice Roger Taney , writing for the court , held that Scott , as a person of African ancestry , was not a citizen of the United States and therefore had no right to sue in federal court .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	This holding was contrary to the practice of numerous states at the time , particularly Free states , where free blacks did in fact enjoy the rights of citizens , such as the right to vote and hold public office .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	In what is sometimes considered mere obiter dictum , the Court went on to hold that Congress had no authority to prohibit slavery in federal territories because slaves are personal property and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution protects property owners against deprivation of their property without due process of law .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	In reaching this decision , Taney had hoped to settle the growing controversy surrounding slavery in the United States , but it had the opposite effect .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The decision was fiercely debated across the country , as perhaps best exemplified by the Lincoln–Douglas debates of 1858 .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Abraham Lincoln , the second-ever Republican nominee for President , was able to win the presidential election in 1860 ; the stopping of the further expansion of slavery was a key Republican party plank .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The decision played an important role in the timing of state secession and the Civil War , although it is extreme to say the decision `` caused '' the war .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The decision is acknowledged for the influential role it played in altering the national political landscape : it is credited with launching Abraham Lincoln’s national political career and ultimately allowing for his election .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	Although the Supreme Court has never explicitly overruled the Dred Scott case , the Court stated in the Slaughter-House Cases that at least one part of it had already been overruled by the Fourteenth Amendment in 1868 , which begins by stating , `` All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside . ''	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	To which the Court noted:	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	The first observation we have to make on this clause is , that it puts at rest both the questions which we stated to have been the subject of differences of opinion .	0
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?	It declares that persons may be citizens of the United States without regard to their citizenship of a particular State , and it overturns the Dred Scott decision by making all persons born within the United States and subject to its jurisdiction citizens of the United States .	0
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio	There are dozens of neighborhoods in Columbus , Ohio .	0
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio	Some are hard to define , as they encompass large areas developed at different times—often with sub-neighborhoods within them .	0
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio	Borders can also change based on popular understanding of the area , as well as the whims of the residents .	0
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio	This article uses data from the Datasourcecolumbus Web site , Spotcrime.com , HelloColumbus.com , as well as the various Columbus Area Commissions to define the various areas .	0
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio	Excerpts and border information are drawn directly from the main articles .	0
what do biologists do	A biologist is a scientist who studies living organisms and their relationship to their environment .	1
what do biologists do	Biologists involved in basic research attempt to discover underlying mechanisms that govern how organisms work .	0
what do biologists do	Biologists involved in applied research attempt to develop or improve medical , industrial or agricultural processes .	0
what do biologists do	Martinus Willem Beijerinck , a botanist and microbiologist	0
what does base jumping stand for	Base jumping from a cliff in a wingsuit .	0
what does base jumping stand for	BASE jumping , also sometimes written as B.A.S.E . jumping , is an activity where participants jump from fixed objects and use a parachute to break their fall .	1
what does base jumping stand for	`` BASE '' is an acronym that stands for four categories of fixed objects from which one can jump : buildings , antennas , spans ( bridges ) , and earth ( cliffs ) .	1
what kind of food does the british blue cat eat ?	The British Shorthair is a domesticated cat whose features make it a popular breed in cat shows .	0
what kind of food does the british blue cat eat ?	It has been the most popular breed of cat registered by the UK 's Governing Council of the Cat Fancy ( GCCF ) since 2001 , when it overtook the Persian breed .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The USA Basketball Men 's Senior National Team , commonly known as the United States men 's national basketball team , represents the United States of America in international men 's basketball .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The USA is the most successful team in international competition , winning medals in all seventeen Olympic tournaments it has entered , coming away with fourteen golds .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	Two of its gold medal-winning squads were inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as teams in August 2010—the 1960 team , which featured six Hall of Famers ( 4 players , 2 coaches ) , and the 1992 `` Dream Team '' , featuring 14 Hall of Famers ( 11 players , 3 coaches ) .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The United States is currently ranked first in the FIBA World Rankings .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	Traditionally composed of amateur players , a 1989 rule change by FIBA allowed USA Basketball to field teams with professional players .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The first such team , known as the `` Dream Team '' , won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain , playing in the final against Croatia .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	With the introduction of professionals , the team was able to spark a second run of dominance after capturing only a bronze medal in 1988 .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	A team of professional players competed at the 1994 FIBA World Championship , finishing first .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	In 1996 , 2000 , 2008 , and 2012 the USA again captured gold medals .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	Facing increased competition , the USA failed to win a medal at the 2002 FIBA World Championship , finishing sixth .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The 2004 Summer Olympic team lost three games on its way to a bronze medal , a record that represented more losses in a single year than the country 's Olympic teams had suffered in all previous Olympiads combined .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	Determined to put an end to these failures , USA Basketball initiated a long-term project aimed at creating better , more cohesive teams .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The USA won its first seven games at the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan before losing against Greece in the semi-finals , ending the competition with the bronze medal .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The USA won gold two years later , though , at the 2008 Summer Olympics with a dominant performance .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	This success was followed up at the 2010 FIBA World Championship , where despite fielding a roster featuring no players from the 2008 Olympic team , the USA did not lose a single game en route to defeating host Turkey for the gold medal .	0
how many gold medals usa won for basketball	The USA continued this streak of dominance by going undefeated and capturing gold once more at the 2012 Summer Olympics .	0
how pays for nfl super bowl rings	The Steelers Super Bowl XL ring	0
how pays for nfl super bowl rings	Joe Theismann 's Super Bowl Ring ( right )	0
how pays for nfl super bowl rings	The Super Bowl ring is an award in the National Football League given to the winners of the league 's annual World Championship game , the Super Bowl .	0
how pays for nfl super bowl rings	Since only one Vince Lombardi Trophy is awarded to the team ( ownership ) itself , the Super Bowl ring offers a collectible memento for the actual players and team members to keep for themselves to symbolize the victory .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Image showing the six most common speleothems with labels .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	to view labels .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The Witch 's Finger in the Carlsbad Caverns	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	A stalagmite ( or ; from the Greek σταλαγμίτης - stalagmitês , from σταλαγμίας - stalagmias , `` dropping , trickling '' ) is a type of speleothem that rises from the floor of a limestone cave due to the dripping of mineralized solutions and the deposition of calcium carbonate .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	This stalagmite formation occurs only under certain pH conditions within the underground cavern .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	If these formations grow together , the result is known as a column .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The Hall of Giants in the Carlsbad Caverns	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Stalagmites should normally not be touched , since the rock buildup is formed by minerals precipitating out of the water solution onto the old surface ; skin oils can alter the surface where the mineral water will cling , thus affecting the growth of the formation .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Oils and dirt from human contact can also stain the formation and change its color permanently .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Similar structures can also form in lava tubes , associated with some types of lavacicles , although the mechanism of formation is very different .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , although they form much more rapidly there than in the natural cave environment .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The largest stalagmite in the world is high and is located in the cave of Cueva Martin Infierno , Cuba .	1
What country is the largest stalagmite	In the Zagros Mountains of south Iran , approximately from the ancient city of Bishapur , in the Shapur cave on the fourth of five terraces stands the 3rd century CE statue of Shapur I , second ruler of the Sassanid Empire .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The statue , carved from one stalagmite , is nearly high .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	How I Met Your Mother is an American sitcom that premiered on CBS on September 19 , 2005 .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	The show was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	How I Met Your Mother is framed by the year 2030 , when Ted Mosby ( voiced by Bob Saget ) gathers his daughter ( Lyndsy Fonseca ) and son ( David Henrie ) to tell them the story of how he met their mother .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	We flashback to where it begins in 2005 with Ted Mosby ( Josh Radnor ) as a single , 27-year-old architect living with his two best friends from Wesleyan University , Marshall Eriksen ( Jason Segel ) , a law student , and Lily Aldrin ( Alyson Hannigan ) , a kindergarten teacher , who have been dating for almost nine years when Marshall proposes .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	Their engagement causes Ted to think about finding his own soul mate , much to the disgust of his friend Barney Stinson ( Neil Patrick Harris ) , a womanizer with an unnamed corporate job .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	And thus , Ted begins his search for his perfect mate , and meets Robin Scherbatsky ( Cobie Smulders ) , whom he also befriends .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	The 100th episode of How I Met Your Mother aired on January 11 , 2010 .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	On December 21 , 2012 , the series was renewed for a ninth season .	0
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum	On January 30 , 2013 , it was announced that Season 9 will be its final season .	0
what does Gringo mean	Gringo ( , , ) is a slang Spanish and Portuguese word used in Ibero-America , to denote foreigners , often from the United States .	1
what does Gringo mean	The term can be applied to someone who is actually a foreigner , or it can denote a strong association or assimilation into foreign ( particularly US ) society and culture .	1
what does Gringo mean	In Spanish it does not have a negative connotation .	0
what does Gringo mean	Roger Axtell , a travel etiquette expert , notes that `` [ t ] he word gringo is not necessarily a bad word .	0
what does Gringo mean	It is slang but is derogatory only in its use and context . ''	0
what does Gringo mean	The word was used in Spain long before it crossed the Atlantic to denote foreign , non-native speakers of Spanish .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	The great white shark , Carcharodon carcharias , also known as the great white , white pointer , white shark , or white death , is a species of large lamniform shark which can be found in the coastal surface waters of all the major oceans .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	The great white shark is mainly known for its size , with the largest individuals known to have approached or exceeded in length , and in weight .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	This shark reaches its maturity around 15 years of age and can have a life span of over 30 years .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	The great white shark is arguably the world 's largest known extant macropredatory fish , and is one of the primary predators of marine mammals .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	It is also known to prey upon a variety of other marine animals , including fish and seabirds .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	It is the only known surviving species of its genus Carcharodon , and is ranked first in having the most attacks on humans .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	The IUCN list the great white shark as a vulnerable species , while it is included in Appendix II of CITES .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	The bestselling novel Jaws by Peter Benchley and the subsequent blockbuster film by Steven Spielberg depicted the great white shark as a `` ferocious man eater `` .	0
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?	In reality , humans are not the preferred prey of the great white shark .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The United States Armed Forces are the military forces of the United States of America .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	They consist of the Army , Navy , Marine Corps , Air Force , and Coast Guard .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The U.S. has a strong tradition of civilian control of the military .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The President is the military 's overall head , and helps form military policy with the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) , a federal executive department , acting as the principal organ by which military policy is carried out .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The DoD is headed by the Secretary of Defense , who is a civilian and Cabinet member .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The Defense Secretary is second in the military 's chain of command , just below the President , and serves as the principal assistant to the President in all DoD-related matters .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	To coordinate military action with diplomacy , the President has an advisory National Security Council headed by a National Security Advisor .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	Both the President and Secretary of Defense are advised by a seven-member Joint Chiefs of Staff , which includes the head of each of the Defense Department 's service branches as well as the chief of the National Guard Bureau .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	Leadership is provided by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The Commandant of the Coast Guard is not a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	All of the branches work together during operations and joint missions , under the Unified Combatant Commands , under the authority of the Secretary of Defense with the exception of the Coast Guard .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The Coast Guard falls under the administration of the Department of Homeland Security and receives its operational orders from the Secretary of Homeland Security .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The Coast Guard may be transferred to the Department of the Navy by the President or Congress during a time of war .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	All five armed services are among the seven uniformed services of the United States ; the others are the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Corps .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	From the time of its inception , the military played a decisive role in the history of the United States .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	A sense of national unity and identity was forged as a result of victory in the First Barbary War and the Second Barbary War .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	Even so , the Founders were suspicious of a permanent military force and not until the outbreak of World War II did a large standing army become officially established .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The National Security Act of 1947 , adopted following World War II and during the Cold War 's onset , created the modern U.S. military framework ; the Act merged previously Cabinet-level Department of War and the Department of the Navy into the National Military Establishment ( renamed the Department of Defense in 1949 ) , headed by the Secretary of Defense ; and created the Department of the Air Force and National Security Council .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The U.S. military is one of the largest militaries in terms of number of personnel .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	It draws its manpower from a large pool of paid volunteers ; although conscription has been used in the past in various times of both war and peace , it has not been used since 1972 .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	As of 2013 , the U.S. spends about $ 554.2 billion annually to fund its military forces , and appropriates approximately $ 88.5 billion to fund Overseas Contingency Operations .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	Put together , the U.S. constitutes roughly 43 percent of the world 's military expenditures .	0
how many men does the american military have in it	The U.S. Armed Forces as a whole possess large quantities of advanced and powerful equipment , along with widespread placement of forces around the world , giving them significant capabilities in both defense and power projection .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one 's opinions and ideas using one 's body and property to anyone who is willing to receive them .	1
what does freedom of speech cover	The term freedom of expression is sometimes used synonymously , but includes any act of seeking , receiving and imparting information or ideas , regardless of the medium used .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	In practice , the right to freedom of speech is not absolute in any country and the right is commonly subject to limitations , as with libel , slander , obscenity , sedition ( including , for example inciting ethnic hatred ) , copyright violation , revelation of information that is classified or otherwise .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	The right to freedom of expression is recognized as a human right under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and recognized in international human rights law in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Article 19 of the ICCPR states that `` [ e ] veryone shall have the right to hold opinions without interference '' and `` everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression ; this right shall include freedom to seek , receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds , regardless of frontiers , either orally , in writing or in print , in the form of art , or through any other media of his choice '' .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Article 19 goes on to say that the exercise of these rights carries `` special duties and responsibilities `` and may `` therefore be subject to certain restrictions '' when necessary `` [ f ] or respect of the rights or reputation of others '' or `` [ f ] or the protection of national security or of public order ( order public ) , or of public health or morals '' .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Freedom of speech may be legally curtailed in some religious legal systems and in secular jurisdictions where it is found to cause religious offense , such as the British Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006 .	0
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?	The Big Bang Theory logo .	0
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?	The Big Bang Theory is an American comedy television series created and executive produced by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady .	0
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?	Like the name of the series itself , with the exception of the first episode— '' Pilot '' —episode titles of The Big Bang Theory always start with `` The '' and resemble the name of a scientific principle , theory or experiment , whimsically referencing a plot point or quirk .	0
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?	, 133 episodes have aired .	0
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?	The Big Bang Theory has been renewed for a seventh season .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower ( pronounced , ; October 14 , 1890 – March 28 , 1969 ) was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He had previously been a five-star general in the United States Army during World War II and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe ; he had responsibility for planning and supervising the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the successful invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45 from the Western Front .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	In 1951 , he became the first supreme commander of NATO .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Eisenhower was of Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry and was reared in a large family in Kansas by parents with a robust work ethic and religious background .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	As one of six sons , he was conditioned by a competitive atmosphere which instilled self-reliance .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He attended and graduated from West Point and later married and had two sons .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	After World War II , Eisenhower served as Army Chief of Staff under President Harry S. Truman , then assumed the post of President at Columbia University .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Eisenhower entered the 1952 presidential race as a Republican to counter the non-interventionism of Senator Robert A. Taft and to crusade against `` Communism , Korea and corruption '' .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He won by a landslide , defeating Democrat Adlai Stevenson and ending two decades of the New Deal Coalition .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	In the first year of his presidency , Eisenhower deposed the leader of Iran in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état and used nuclear threats to conclude the Korean War with China .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	His New Look policy of nuclear deterrence gave priority to inexpensive nuclear weapons while reducing the funding for conventional military forces ; the goal was to keep pressure on the Soviet Union and reduce federal deficits .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	In 1954 , Eisenhower first articulated the domino theory in his description of the threat presented by the spread of communism .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	The Congress agreed to his request in 1955 for the Formosa Resolution , which enabled him to prevent Chinese communist aggression against Chinese nationalists and established the U.S. policy of defending Taiwan .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	When the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957 , he had to play catch-up in the space race .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Eisenhower forced Israel , the UK , and France to end their invasion of Egypt during the Suez Crisis of 1956 .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	In 1958 , he sent 15,000 US troops to Lebanon to prevent the pro-Western government from falling to a Nasser -inspired revolution .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Near the end of his term , his efforts to set up a summit meeting with the Soviets collapsed because of the U-2 incident .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	On the domestic front , he covertly opposed Joseph McCarthy and contributed to the end of McCarthyism by openly invoking the modern expanded version of executive privilege .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He otherwise left most political activity to his Vice President , Richard Nixon .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He was a moderate conservative who continued New Deal agencies and expanded Social Security .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Among his enduring innovations , he launched the Interstate Highway System ; the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , which led to the internet , among many invaluable outputs ; the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , driving peaceful discovery in space ; the establishment of strong science education via the National Defense Education Act ; and encouraging peaceful use of nuclear power via amendments to the Atomic Energy Act .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	In social policy , he sent federal troops to Little Rock , Arkansas , for the first time since Reconstruction to enforce federal court orders to desegregate public schools .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He also signed civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 to protect the right to vote .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He implemented desegregation of the armed forces in two years and made five appointments to the Supreme Court .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	He was the first term-limited president in accordance with the 22nd Amendment .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Eisenhower 's two terms were peaceful ones for the most part and saw considerable economic prosperity except for a sharp recession in 1958–59 .	0
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in	Eisenhower is often ranked highly among the U.S. Presidents .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	Air Force One is the official air traffic control call sign of a United States Air Force aircraft carrying the President of the United States .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	In common parlance the term refers to those Air Force aircraft specifically designed , built , and used for the purpose of transporting the president .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	The Presidential aircraft is a prominent symbol of the American presidency and its power .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	The idea of designating specific military aircraft to transport the President arose in 1943 , when officials of the United States Army Air Forces – the predecessor to the U.S. Air Force – became concerned with relying on commercial airlines to transport the President .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	A C-87 Liberator Express was reconfigured for use as a presidential transport ; however , it was rejected by the Secret Service amid concerns over the aircraft 's safety record .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	A C-54 Skymaster was then converted for presidential use ; this aircraft , dubbed the Sacred Cow , transported President Franklin D. Roosevelt to the Yalta Conference in February 1945 , and was subsequently used for another two years by President Harry S. Truman .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	The `` Air Force One '' call sign was created after a 1953 incident during which a flight carrying President Dwight D. Eisenhower entered the same airspace as a commercial airline flight using the same call sign .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	Several aircraft have been used as Air Force One since the creation of the presidential fleet , including two Boeing 707s introduced in the 1960s and 1970s , respectively ; since 1990 , the presidential fleet has consisted of two Boeing VC-25As – specifically configured , highly customized Boeing 747-200B series aircraft .	0
how many jets fly with the president 's plane	The Air Force is looking into replacing the two VC-25 aircraft with three replacement aircraft beginning in 2017 .	0
what do u give for 9 yr wedding anniversary	A wedding anniversary is the anniversary of the date a wedding took place .	0
what do u give for 9 yr wedding anniversary	Traditional names exist for most of them : for instance , 50 years of marriage is called a `` golden wedding anniversary '' or simply a `` golden anniversary '' .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	A scanner with Duplexing Automatic Document Feeder .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	In multifunction or all-in-one printers , fax machines , photocopiers and scanners , an automatic document feeder or ADF is a feature which takes several pages and feeds the paper one page at a time into a scanner or copier , allowing the user to scan , and thereby copy , print , or fax , multiple-page documents without having to manually replace each page .	1
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Most copiers allow scanning on the flatbed or platen ( the `` glass '' ) or through a document feeder .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	The vast majority of fax machines have an ADF , allowing the unattended sending of multi-page faxes .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Due to the ubiquity of ADF in fax machines , some fax machine owners use the fax machine as a scanner , faxing multi-page documents to themselves .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Document feeders are described by speed , in pages per minute or ppm , and capacity , usually in a range from 10 sheets to 200 .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	There are two kinds of document feeders capable of two-sided ( duplex ) scanning : a reversing automatic document feeder or RADF scans one side of a page , then flips it and scans the other side .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	A duplexing automatic document feeder or DADF scans both sides in one pass .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	The advantage of the DADF is faster speed for two-sided originals .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	RADFs and DADFs are rated in images per minute ( IPM ) , the number of sides they can scan each minute .	0
how many acres is fair park	Fair Park is a recreational and educational complex located in Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .	0
how many acres is fair park	The complex is registered as a Dallas Landmark , National Historic Landmark and is home to nine museums , six performance facilities , a lagoon , and the largest Ferris wheel in North America .	0
how many acres is fair park	Many of the buildings on the complex were constructed for the Texas Centennial Exposition in 1936 which drew over six million visitors .	0
how many acres is fair park	Most of the buildings built for the exposition still survive and it is recognized as a significant example of Art Deco architecture .	0
how many acres is fair park	Fair Park has been designated a Great Place in America by the American Planning Association .	0
how many acres is fair park	The American Planning Association ( APA ) “is an independent , not-for-profit educational organization that provides leadership in the development of vital communities.”	0
how many acres is fair park	The Great Places in American program helps to celebrate areas with “exemplary character , quality , and planning.”	0
how many acres is fair park	Being designated as a Great Place in America , Fair Park was one of only ten cities chosen in 2011 .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose ( ; Spanish : St. Joseph ) is the third-largest city in California , the tenth-largest in the U.S. , and the county seat of Santa Clara County which is located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay .	1
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose is the largest city within Silicon Valley , which is a major component of the greater San Francisco Bay Area , a region of 8.4 million people and the fifth largest metropolitan area ( CSA ) in the United States .	0
what county is san jose in ?	It is the largest city in Northern California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose was founded on November 29 , 1777 , as El Pueblo de San José de Guadalupe , the first civilian town in the Spanish colony of Nueva California , which later became Alta California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The city served as a farming community to support Spanish military installations at San Francisco and Monterey .	0
what county is san jose in ?	When California gained statehood in 1850 , San Jose served as its first capital .	0
what county is san jose in ?	After more than 150 years as a small farming city , San Jose and the surrounding Santa Clara Valley became the last ( and largest ) contiguous area of undeveloped land surrounding the San Francisco Bay .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose experienced increased demand for housing from soldiers and veterans returning from World War II .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose then continued its aggressive expansion during the 1950s and 1960s by annexing more land area .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The rapid growth of the high-technology and electronics industries further accelerated the transition from an agricultural center , to an urbanized metropolitan area .	0
what county is san jose in ?	By the 1990s , San Jose 's location within the booming local technology industry earned the city its nickname , Capital of Silicon Valley .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose now maintains global city status and is the largest city in the San Francisco Bay Area in terms of population , land area , and industrial development .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The U.S. Census Bureau reported the population of the city to be 945,942 as of the 2010 Census .	0
what county is san jose in ?	As of April 2013 , the estimated population of San Jose was 984,000 .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose , along with the Santa Clara Valley , experienced about half a century of spectacular suburban sprawl , with characteristics of intense urbanization similar to the Los Angeles area of Southern California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The city has taken definite steps to avoid becoming `` L.A. North '' .	0
what county is san jose in ?	However , the sprawl in San Jose is worse than in Los Angeles by measures such as population density and public transit safety , investment , and ridership .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Europe depicted by Antwerp cartographer Abraham Ortelius in 1595	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The history of Europe covers the people inhabiting the European continent since it was first populated in prehistoric times to present , with the first Homo sapiens arriving between 45,000 and 25,000 BC .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The earliest settlers to Prehistoric Europe came during the paleolithic era .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The arrival of agriculture around 7000 BC ushered in the neolithic age .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Neolithic Europe lasted for 4000 years , overlapping with metal-using cultures that gradually spread throughout the continent .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Technological advances during the prehistoric age tended to arrive from the Middle East , spreading gradually to the northwest .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Some of the best-known civilizations of prehistoric Europe were Minoan and Mycenaean , which flourished during the Bronze Age until they collapsed in a short period of time around 1200 BC .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The period known as classical antiquity began with the rise of the city-states of Ancient Greece .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Greek influence reached its zenith under the expansive empire of Alexander the Great , spreading throughout Asia .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Northern and western Europe were dominated by the La Tène culture , a precursor to the Celts .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Rome , a small city-state traditionally founded in 753 BC , would grow to become the Roman Republic in 509 BC and would succeed Greek culture as the dominant Mediterranean civilization .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The events of the rule of Julius Caesar led to reorganization of the Republic into the Roman Empire .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The empire was later divided by the emperor Diocletian into the Western and Eastern empires .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	During the later years of the Roman Empire , the Germanic peoples of northern Europe grew in strength and repeated attacks led to the Fall of the Western Roman Empire in AD 476 , a date which traditionally marks the end of the classical period and the start of the Middle Ages .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	During the Middle Ages , the Eastern Roman Empire survived , though modern historians refer to this state as the Byzantine Empire .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	In Western Europe , Germanic peoples moved into positions of power in the remnants of the former Western Roman Empire and established kingdoms and empires of their own .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Of all of the Germanic peoples , the Franks would rise to a position of Hegemony over western Europe , the Frankish Empire reaching its peak under Charlemagne around AD 800 .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Francia was divided into several parts ; West Francia would evolve into the Kingdom of France , while East Francia would evolve into the Holy Roman Empire , a precursor to modern Germany .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The British Isles were the site of several large-scale migrations .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Native Celtic peoples had been marginalized during the period of Roman Britain , and when the Romans abandoned the British Isles during the 400s , waves of Germanic Anglo-Saxons migrated to southern Britain and established a series of petty kingdoms in what would eventually develop into the Kingdom of England by AD 927 .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	During this period , the Kingdom of Poland and Kingdom of Hungary ( 1000–1945 ) were organized as well .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The Viking Age , a period of migrations of Scandinavian peoples , dominated the period from the late 700s to the middle 1000s .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Chief among the Viking states was the Empire of Cnut the Great , a Danish leader who would become king of England , Denmark , and Norway .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The Normans , a Viking people who settled in Northern France and founded the Duchy of Normandy , would have a significant impact on many parts of Europe , from the Norman conquest of England to Southern Italy and Sicily .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Another Scandinavian people , the Rus ' people , would go on to found Kievan Rus ' , an early state which was a precursor for the modern country of Russia .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	As the Viking Age drew to a close , the period known as the Crusades , a series of religiously-motivated military expeditions originally intended to bring the Levant back into Christian rule , began .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Several Crusader states were founded in the eastern Mediterranean .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	These were all short-lived .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	The Crusaders would have a profound impact on many parts of Europe .	0
how is power divided in in european countries	Their Sack of Constantinople in 1204 brought an abrupt end to the Byzantine Empire .	0
how many breeds have become extinct	Extinct dog breeds is a compilation of dog breeds that have become extinct .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	Wii Speak is a microphone accessory for Nintendo 's Wii video game console .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	Connected to the console via USB , the device can be placed near the video display , allowing voice chat to be conducted with the entire room .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	The device features an LED to indicate when the microphone is active .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	Wii Speak was announced at Nintendo 's 2008 E3 media briefing .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	It was released separately and bundled with Animal Crossing : City Folk on November 16 , 2008 , in North America , and was released on December 5 , 2008 , in Europe .	0
how much wii speak accessory costs	The Wii Speak accessory is succeeded by the embedded microphone on the Wii U 's GamePad controller .	0
what cars have smart key systems	Nissan Intelligent Key®	0
what cars have smart key systems	A smart key is an electronic access and authorization system which is available as an option or standard in several cars .	0
what cars have smart key systems	It was first developed by Siemens in the mid-1990s and introduced by Mercedes-Benz under the name `` Keyless Go '' in 1998 on the W220 S-Class following its design patent filed by Daimler-Benz on May 17 , 1997 .	1
what channel is univision	Univisión ( ) is a Spanish-language television network in the United States .	0
what channel is univision	The network is primarily dedicated for Latin American families who reside in the United States .	0
what channel is univision	It has the largest audience of Spanish-language television viewers in the world according to Nielsen ratings .	0
what channel is univision	Randy Falco , ( CEO as of June 29 , 2011 ) COO , has been in charge of the company since the departure of Univision Communications president and CEO Joe Uva in April 2010 .	0
what channel is univision	In recent years the network has reached parity with the U.S. 's five major English-language television networks , and is often a strong fifth , outranking The CW , with some fourth-place weekly placings , and as of 2012 , even first place rankings for individual programs over all five English networks due to the network 's consistent schedule of new telenovelas all 52 weeks of the year .	0
what channel is univision	Univisión is headquartered in New York , and has its major studios , production facilities , and operations in Doral , Florida , a suburb of Miami .	0
what channel is univision	In 2009 , another television studio was announced , Univision Studios , to be built in Doral .	0
what channel is univision	Univision is available on cable and satellite in most of the country , with local stations in over 50 markets with large Hispanic and Latino populations and a national cable network feed distributed in markets without either the availability or the demand for a locally-based station .	0
what channel is univision	Most of these stations air full local news and other local programming in addition to network shows , and in major markets such as Los Angeles , New York , and Miami the local newscasts carried by the network 's owned-and-operated station ( O & O ) stations are equally competitive with their English-language counterparts ratings-wise .	0
what channel is univision	Univisión was acquired on March 29 , 2007 by a consortium led by Haim Saban 's Saban Capital Group ( who had previously owned the entity Saban Entertainment ) , TPG Capital , L.P. , Providence Equity Partners , Madison Dearborn Partners , and Thomas H. Lee Partners for $ 13.7 billion or $ 36.25 per share plus $ 1.4 billion in acquired debt .	0
what channel is univision	The buyout left the company with a debt level of twelve times its annual cash flow , which was twice the norm in buyouts done over the previous two years .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Artist 's conception of a protoplanetary disk	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	The formation and of the Solar System is estimated to have begun 4.6 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Most of the collapsing mass collected in the centre , forming the Sun , while the rest flattened into a protoplanetary disk out of which the planets , moons , asteroids , and other small Solar System bodies formed .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	This widely accepted model , known as the nebular hypothesis , was first developed in the 18th century by Emanuel Swedenborg , Immanuel Kant , and Pierre-Simon Laplace .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Its subsequent development has interwoven a variety of scientific disciplines including astronomy , physics , geology , and planetary science .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Since the dawn of the space age in the 1950s and the discovery of extrasolar planets in the 1990s , the model has been both challenged and refined to account for new observations .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	The Solar System has evolved considerably since its initial formation .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Many moons have formed from circling discs of gas and dust around their parent planets , while other moons are thought to have formed independently and later been captured by their planets .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Still others , as the Earth 's Moon , may be the result of giant collisions .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Collisions between bodies have occurred continually up to the present day and have been central to the evolution of the Solar System .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	The positions of the planets often shifted , and planets have switched places .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	This planetary migration is now thought to have been responsible for much of the Solar System 's early evolution .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	In roughly 5 billion years , the Sun will cool and expand outward many times its current diameter ( becoming a red giant ) , before casting off its outer layers as a planetary nebula and leaving behind a stellar remnant known as a white dwarf .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	In the far distant future , the gravity of passing stars will gradually reduce the Sun 's retinue of planets .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Some planets will be destroyed , others ejected into interstellar space .	0
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system	Ultimately , over the course of tens of billions of years , it is likely that the Sun will be left with none of the original bodies in orbit around it .	0
how is kafka like the trial	The Trial ( Kafka 's original German title : , later as , and ) is a novel written by Franz Kafka in 1914 and 1915 but not published until 1925 .	0
how is kafka like the trial	One of Kafka 's best-known works , it tells the story of a man arrested and prosecuted by a remote , inaccessible authority , with the nature of his crime revealed to neither him nor the reader .	0
how is kafka like the trial	Like Kafka 's other novels , The Trial was never completed , although it does include a chapter which brings the story to an end .	0
how is kafka like the trial	Because of this there are certain inconsistencies which exist within the novel , such as disparities in timing in addition to other discontinuities in narration .	0
how is kafka like the trial	After Kafka 's death in 1924 his friend and literary executor Max Brod edited the text for publication by Verlag Die Schmiede .	0
how is kafka like the trial	The original manuscript is held at the Museum of Modern Literature , Marbach am Neckar , Germany .	0
how is kafka like the trial	In 1999 , the book was listed in Le Mondes 100 Books of the Century and as No . 2 of the Best German Novels of the Twentieth Century .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Lisa Anne Loeb ( born March 11 , 1968 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .	0
How Lisa Loeb	She launched her career in 1994 with the song , `` Stay ( I Missed You ) `` , which was included in the film Reality Bites .	0
How Lisa Loeb	She was the first artist to have a number one single in the United States while not signed to a recording contract .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Her five studio CDs include her major label debut , the gold-selling Tails and its follow-up , the Grammy-nominated , gold-selling Firecracker .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Loeb has also worked in film , television , voice-over work and children’s recordings .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Loeb has appeared in two television series , Dweezil & Lisa , a weekly culinary adventure for the Food Network and Number 1 Single , a reality show on the E !	0
How Lisa Loeb	Network in 2006 focused on her quest for love , success , career , and family .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Her children 's music includes the albums Catch the Moon ( 2003 ) , and Camp Lisa ( 2008 ) .	0
How Lisa Loeb	Her first joint children 's book and album Lisa Loeb 's Silly Sing-Along : The Disappointing Pancake and Other Zany Songs was published in 2011 .	0
How Lisa Loeb	In 2010 she founded the Lisa Loeb Eyewear Collection , which is based on her own designs .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The Coat of arms of the State of New Jersey includes:	0
what does new jersey flag presents	A shield with three plows emblazoned , representative of New Jersey 's agricultural tradition .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	A forward-facing knight 's helmet .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	A horse 's head as the crest of the helmet .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The female figures Liberty and Ceres , representative of the state 's motto ( see next item ) .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	Liberty is holding a staff supporting a `` liberty cap `` ; Ceres is holding an overflowing cornucopia .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The streamer at the foot of the emblem contains the State Motto of New Jersey , `` Liberty and Prosperity '' , and the year of statehood , 1776 .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	It was originally designed by Pierre Eugene du Simitiere in 1777 and was modified slightly in 1928 .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The seal is the central motif in the flag of New Jersey and the Great Seal of the State of New Jersey .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The Coat of arms contains a horse 's head .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	A helmet showing that New Jersey governs itself accordingly and three plows on a shield referring to the State 's agriculture tradition , giving it the nickname `` Garden State '' .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The two Goddesses represent the State motto , `` Liberty and Prosperity '' .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	Liberty is on the left .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	She is holding a staff with a liberty cap on it , and the word liberty underneath her .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The goddess on the right is Ceres , goddess of agriculture .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	She is holding a cornucopia with prosperity written below her .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	According to the minutes of the New Jersey General Assembly for March 11 , 1896 , the date in which the Assembly officially approved the flag as the state emblem , the buff color is due indirectly to George Washington , who had ordered on October 2 , 1779 , that the uniform coats of the New Jersey Continental Line be dark ( Jersey ) blue , with buff facings .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	Buff-colored facings had until then been reserved only for his own uniform and those of other Continental generals and their aides .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	Then , on February 28 , 1780 , the Continental War Officers in Philadelphia directed that the uniform coat facings of all regiments were to be the same as the background color of the regiments ' state flag .	0
what does new jersey flag presents	The seal is described in New Jersey statute Title 52 , §2-1:	0
how many people have song we can work it out	`` We Can Work It Out '' is a song by the Beatles , written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon .	0
how many people have song we can work it out	It was released as a `` double A-sided `` single with `` Day Tripper `` , the first time both sides of a single were so designated in an initial release .	0
how many people have song we can work it out	Both songs were recorded during the Rubber Soul sessions .	0
how many people have song we can work it out	The song is an example of Lennon–McCartney collaboration at a depth that happened only rarely after they wrote the hit singles of 1963 .	0
how many people have song we can work it out	This song , `` A Day in the Life `` , `` Baby , You 're a Rich Man `` and `` I 've Got a Feeling `` , are among the notable exceptions .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	As a medical diagnosis , pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in persons 16 years of age or older typically characterized by a primary or exclusive sexual interest toward prepubescent children ( generally age 11 years or younger , though specific diagnosis criteria for the disorder extends the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13 ) .	1
how old a child pedophile crime	An adolescent who is 16 years of age or older must be at least five years older than the prepubescent child before the attraction can be diagnosed as pedophilia .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	The term has a range of definitions , as found in psychiatry , psychology , the vernacular , and law enforcement .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	The International Classification of Diseases ( ICD ) defines pedophilia as a `` disorder of adult personality and behaviour '' in which there is a sexual preference for children of prepubertal or early pubertal age .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	According to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , it is a paraphilia in which adults or adolescents 16 years of age or older have intense and recurrent sexual urges towards and fantasies about prepubescent children that they have either acted on or which cause them distress or interpersonal difficulty .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In popular usage , pedophilia means any sexual interest in children or the act of child sexual abuse , often termed `` pedophilic behavior '' .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	For example , The American Heritage Stedman 's Medical Dictionary states , `` Pedophilia is the act or fantasy on the part of an adult of engaging in sexual activity with a child or children . ''	0
how old a child pedophile crime	This common use application also extends to the sexual interest in and sexual contact with pubescent or post-pubescent minors .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Researchers recommend that these imprecise uses be avoided because although people who commit child sexual abuse commonly exhibit the disorder , some offenders do not meet the clinical diagnosis standards for pedophilia and these standards pertain to prepubescents .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Additionally , not all pedophiles actually commit such abuse .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Pedophilia was first formally recognized and named in the late 19th century .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	A significant amount of research in the area has taken place since the 1980s .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Although mostly documented in men , there are also women who exhibit the disorder , and researchers assume available estimates underrepresent the true number of female pedophiles .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	No cure for pedophilia has been developed , but there are therapies that can reduce the incidence of a person committing child sexual abuse .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In the United States , following Kansas v. Hendricks , sex offenders who are diagnosed with certain mental disorders , particularly pedophilia , can be subject to indefinite civil commitment , under various state laws ( generically called SVP laws ) and the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	At present , the exact causes of pedophilia have not been conclusively established .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Research suggests that pedophilia may be correlated with several different neurological abnormalities , and often co-exists with other personality disorders and psychological pathologies .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In the contexts of forensic psychology and law enforcement , a variety of typologies have been suggested to categorize pedophiles according to behavior and motivations .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	Julio César Chávez ( born Julio César Chávez González on July 12 , 1962 ) is a retired Mexican professional boxer .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	Chávez is considered by many people for their sport statistics the greatest fighter ever to come out of Mexico .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	He is a six-time world champion in three weight divisions , and for several years he was considered one of the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	In a career that spanned over 25 years , Chávez won five world titles in three weight divisions : WBC Super Featherweight in 1984 , WBA Lightweight in 1987 , WBC Lightweight in 1988 , WBC Light Welterweight in 1989 , IBF Light Welterweight in 1990 , and WBC Light Welterweight in 1994 .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	He holds records for most successful consecutive defenses of world titles ( 27 ) , most title fights ( 37 ) , most title-fight victories ( 31 ) and he is after Joe Louis with ( 23 ) for most title defenses won by knockout ( 21 ) .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	Chávez also has the longest undefeated streak in boxing history , 13 years .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	His record was 89-0-1 going into his first loss to Frankie Randall and had an 87 fight win streak until his `` draw '' with Whitaker .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	Julio César Chávez was known for his outstanding punching power , devastating body attack , remarkably strong chin and the relentless stalking of his opponents .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	He ranks # 24 on ESPN 's 50 Greatest Boxers Of All Time .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	On December 7 , 2010 , he was inducted in the prestigious International Boxing Hall of Fame for the Class of 2011 .	0
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya	He is the father of prospect Omar Chávez and former WBC Middleweight Champion Julio César Chávez , Jr .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	`` Selektion `` on the Judenrampe , Auschwitz , May/June 1944 .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	To be sent to the right meant slave labor ; to the left , the gas chamber .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	This image shows the arrival of Hungarian Jews from Carpatho-Ruthenia , many of them from the Berehov ghetto .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The photographer was Ernst Hofmann or Bernhard Walter of the SS . Image courtesy of Yad Vashem	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The Holocaust ( from the Greek ' : hólos , `` whole '' and kaustós , `` burnt '' ) also known as the Shoah ( Hebrew : , HaShoah , `` catastrophe '' ; Yiddish : , Churben or Hurban , from the Hebrew for `` destruction '' ) , was the mass murder or genocide of approximately six million Jews during World War II , a programme of systematic state-sponsored murder by Nazi Germany , led by Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party , throughout German-occupied territory .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Of the nine million Jews who had resided in Europe before the Holocaust , approximately two-thirds were killed .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Over one million Jewish children were killed in the Holocaust , as were approximately two million Jewish women and three million Jewish men .	1
how many people were killed in the holocaust	A network of over 40,000 facilities in Germany and German-occupied territory were used to concentrate , hold , and kill Jews and other victims .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Some scholars argue that the mass murder of the Romani and people with disabilities should be included in the definition , and some use the common noun `` holocaust '' to describe other Nazi mass murders , including those of Soviet prisoners of war , Polish and Soviet civilians , and homosexuals .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Recent estimates based on figures obtained since the fall of the Soviet Union indicates some ten to eleven million civilians and prisoners of war were intentionally murdered by the Nazi regime .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The persecution and genocide were carried out in stages .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Various laws to remove the Jews from civil society , most prominently the Nuremberg Laws , were enacted in Germany years before the outbreak of World War II .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Concentration camps were established in which inmates were subjected to slave labor until they died of exhaustion or disease .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Where Germany conquered new territory in eastern Europe , specialized units called Einsatzgruppen murdered Jews and political opponents in mass shootings .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The occupiers required Jews and Romani to be confined in overcrowded ghettos before being transported by freight train to extermination camps where , if they survived the journey , most were systematically killed in gas chambers .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Every arm of Germany 's bureaucracy was involved in the logistics that led to the genocides , turning the Third Reich into what one Holocaust scholar has called `` a genocidal state '' .	0
how long has 4-H been around	4-H in the United States is a youth organization administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , with the mission of `` engaging youth to reach their fullest potential while advancing the field of youth development . ''	0
how long has 4-H been around	The name represents four personal development areas of focus for the organization : head , heart , hands , and health .	0
how long has 4-H been around	The organization has over 6.5 million members in the United States , from ages five to twenty-one , in approximately 90,000 clubs .	0
how long has 4-H been around	The goal of 4-H is to develop citizenship , leadership , responsibility and life skills of youth through experiential learning programs and a positive youth development approach .	0
how long has 4-H been around	Though typically thought of as an agriculturally focused organization as a result of its history , 4-H today focuses on citizenship , healthy living , science , engineering , and technology programs .	0
how long has 4-H been around	Today , 4-H and related programs exist in over eighty countries around the world ; the organization and administration varies from country to country .	0
how long has 4-H been around	Each of these programs operates independently , but cooperatively through international exchanges , global education programs , and communications .	0
how long has 4-H been around	The 4-H motto is `` To make the best better '' , while its slogan is `` Learn by doing '' ( sometimes written as `` Learn to do by doing '' ) .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	The national flag of Chile , consists of two unequal horizontal bands of white and red and a blue square the same height as the white band in the canton , which bears a white five-pointed star in the center .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	It was adopted on 18 October 1817 .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	The Chilean flag is also known in Spanish as La Estrella Solitaria ( The Lone Star ) .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	The star represents a guide to progress and honor ; blue symbolizes the sky and the Pacific Ocean , white is for the snow-covered Andes , and red stands for the blood spilled to achieve independence .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	According to the epic poem La Araucana , the colors were derived from those from the flag flown by the Mapuche during the Arauco War .	0
How did the flag of chile get created	`` Flag Day '' is held each year on the ninth of July to commemorate the 77 soldiers who died in the 1882 Battle of La Concepción .	0
What Generation Am I	Generation Y , also known as the Millennial Generation , is the demographic cohort following Generation X .	0
What Generation Am I	There are no precise dates for when Generation Y starts and ends .	0
What Generation Am I	Commentators use beginning birth dates from the latter 1970s , or from the early 1980s to the early 2000s .	0
what building did the romans accidentally burn	The Torches of Nero , by Henryk Siemiradzki .	0
what building did the romans accidentally burn	According to Tacitus , Nero targeted Christians as those responsible for the fire .	0
what building did the romans accidentally burn	The Great Fire of Rome ( ) was an urban fire that occurred beginning 19 July AD 64 .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Virginia ( ) , officially the Commonwealth of Virginia , is a U.S. state located in the South Atlantic region of the United States .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Virginia is nicknamed the `` Old Dominion '' and the `` Mother of Presidents '' after the eight U.S. presidents born there .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The geography and climate of the Commonwealth are shaped by the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Chesapeake Bay , which provide habitat for much of its flora and fauna .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The capital of the Commonwealth is Richmond ; and Virginia Beach is the most populous city .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Fairfax County is the most populous political subdivision .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The wealthiest is Loudoun County .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The Commonwealth 's population is over eight million .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The area 's history begins with several indigenous groups , including the Powhatan .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	In 1607 the London Company established the Colony of Virginia as the first permanent New World English colony .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Slave labor and the land acquired from displaced Native American tribes each played a significant role in the colony 's early politics and plantation economy .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Virginia was one of the 13 Colonies in the American Revolution and joined the Confederacy in the American Civil War , during which Richmond was made the Confederate capital and Virginia 's northwestern counties seceded to form the state of West Virginia .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Although the Commonwealth was under conservative single-party rule for nearly a century following Reconstruction , both major national parties are competitive in modern Virginia .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The Virginia General Assembly is the oldest legislature in the Western Hemisphere .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	The state government has been repeatedly ranked most effective by the Pew Center on the States .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	It is unique in how it treats cities and counties equally , manages local roads , and prohibits its governors from serving consecutive terms .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Virginia 's economy has many sectors : agriculture in the Shenandoah Valley ; federal agencies in Northern Virginia , including the headquarters of the Department of Defense and CIA ; and military facilities in Hampton Roads , the site of the region 's main seaport .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	Virginia 's public schools and many colleges and universities have contributed to growing media and technology sectors .	0
How many wide is the state of virginia	As a result , computer chips have become the state 's leading export .	0
how do you make an older version of windows movie maker compatible with the new live version	Windows Movie Maker ( formerly known as Windows Live Movie Maker , codenamed Sundance ) is a freeware video editing software by Microsoft .	0
how do you make an older version of windows movie maker compatible with the new live version	It is a part of Windows Essentials software suite and offers the ability to create and edit videos as well as to publish them on SkyDrive , Facebook , YouTube , and Flickr .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	`` Brenda 's Got A Baby '' is the solo debut single by Tupac Shakur , and tenth track from his debut album , 2Pacalypse Now .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	The song , which features R & B singer Dave Hollister , is about a twelve year-old girl named Brenda who lives in a ghetto , has a baby , and is incapable of supporting it .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	The song explores the issue of teen pregnancy and its effect on the young mothers and their families .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	Like many of Shakur 's songs , `` Brenda 's Got a baby '' draws from the plight of the impoverished .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	Using Brenda to represent young mothers in general , Shakur criticises the low level of support from the baby 's father , the government , and society in general .	0
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts	Shakur wrote the song when he read a newspaper article about a twelve-year-old girl who got pregnant from her cousin and , because she did not want her parents to know about the baby , threw it in a trash can .	0
how many pokemon versions	The official logo of Pokémon for its international release ; `` Pokémon '' is short for the original Japanese title of `` Pocket Monsters '' .	0
how many pokemon versions	is a media franchise published and owned by Japanese video game company Nintendo and created by Satoshi Tajiri in 1996 .	0
how many pokemon versions	Originally released as a pair of interlinkable Game Boy role-playing video games developed by Game Freak , Pokémon has since become the second-most successful and lucrative video game-based media franchise in the world , behind only Nintendo 's own Mario franchise .	0
how many pokemon versions	Pokémon properties have since been merchandised into anime , manga , trading cards , toys , books , and other media .	0
how many pokemon versions	The franchise celebrated in 2006 , and , cumulative sales of the video games ( including home console versions , such as the `` Pikachu '' Nintendo 64 ) have reached more than 200 million copies .	0
how many pokemon versions	In November 2005 , 4Kids Entertainment , which had managed the non-game related licensing of Pokémon , announced that it had agreed not to renew the Pokémon representation agreement .	0
how many pokemon versions	Pokémon USA Inc. ( now The Pokémon Company International ) , a subsidiary of Japan 's Pokémon Co. , now oversees all Pokémon licensing outside of Asia .	0
how many pokemon versions	The name Pokémon is the romanized contraction of the Japanese brand .	0
how many pokemon versions	The term Pokémon , in addition to referring to the Pokémon franchise itself , also collectively refers to the 649 fictional species that have made appearances in Pokémon media as of the release of the fifth generation titles Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 ; with the upcoming releases of Pokémon X and Y , 6 new Pokémon have been featured in promotions for the games .	0
how many pokemon versions	`` Pokémon '' is identical in both the singular and plural , as is each individual species name ; it is grammatically correct to say `` one Pokémon '' and `` many Pokémon '' , as well as `` one Pikachu `` and `` many Pikachu '' .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Cover of the first edition of the publication Dada by Tristan Tzara ; Zurich , 1917	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Dada ( ) or Dadaism was an art movement of the European avant-garde in the early 20th century .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Many claim Dada began in Zurich , Switzerland in 1916 , spreading to Berlin shortly thereafter but the height of New York Dada was the year before in 1915 .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	To quote Dona Budd 's The Language of Art Knowledge , Dada was born out of negative reaction to the horrors of World War I .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	This international movement was begun by a group of artist and poets associated with the Cabaret Voltaire in Zurich .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Dada rejected reason and logic , prizing nonsense , irrationality and intuition .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	The origin of the name Dada is unclear ; some believe that it is a nonsensical word .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Others maintain that it originates from the Romanian artists Tristan Tzara and Marcel Janco 's frequent use of the words da , da , meaning yes , yes in the Romanian language .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Another theory says that the name `` Dada '' came during a meeting of the group when a paper knife stuck into a French-German dictionary happened to point to 'dada ' , a French word for 'hobbyhorse ' .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	The movement primarily involved visual arts , literature , poetry , art manifestoes , art theory , theatre , and graphic design , and concentrated its anti-war politics through a rejection of the prevailing standards in art through anti-art cultural works .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	In addition to being anti-war , Dada was also anti- bourgeois and had political affinities with the radical left .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Dada activities included public gatherings , demonstrations , and publication of art/literary journals ; passionate coverage of art , politics , and culture were topics often discussed in a variety of media .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Key figures in the movement included Hugo Ball , Emmy Hennings , Hans Arp , Raoul Hausmann , Hannah Höch , Johannes Baader , Tristan Tzara , Francis Picabia , Richard Huelsenbeck , Georg Grosz , John Heartfield , Marcel Duchamp , Beatrice Wood , Kurt Schwitters , and Hans Richter , among others .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	The movement influenced later styles like the avant-garde and downtown music movements , and groups including surrealism , Nouveau réalisme , pop art and Fluxus .	0
what did dada artists think of art in past museums	Dada is the groundwork to abstract art and sound poetry , a starting point for performance art , a prelude to postmodernism , an influence on pop art , a celebration of antiart to be later embraced for anarcho-political uses in the 1960s and the movement that lay the foundation for Surrealism .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	First trophic level .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	The plants in this image , and the algae and phytoplankton in the lake , are primary producers .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	They take nutrients from the soil or the water , and manufacture their own food by photosynthesis , using energy from the sun .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	The trophic level of an organism is the position it occupies in a food chain .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	The word trophic derives from the Greek τροφή ( trophē ) referring to food or feeding .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	A food chain represents a succession of organisms that eat another organism and are , in turn , eaten themselves .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	The number of steps an organism is from the start of the chain is a measure of its trophic level .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	Food chains start at trophic level 1 with primary producers such as plants , move to herbivores at level 2 , predators at level 3 and typically finish with carnivores or apex predators at level 4 or 5 .	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	The path along the chain can form either a one-way flow , or a food `` web . ''	0
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level	Ecological communities with higher biodiversity form more complex trophic paths .	0
what can silk be used for	Four of the most important domesticated silk moths .	0
what can silk be used for	Top to bottom : Bombyx mori , Hyalophora cecropia , Antheraea pernyi , Samia cynthia .	0
what can silk be used for	From Meyers Konversations-Lexikon ( 1885-1892 )	0
what can silk be used for	A silk-producing raspy cricket .	0
what can silk be used for	Silk is a natural protein fibre , some forms of which can be woven into textiles .	1
what can silk be used for	The protein fibre of silk is composed mainly of fibroin and produced by certain insect larvae to form cocoons .	0
what can silk be used for	The best-known type of silk is obtained from the cocoons of the larvae of the mulberry silkworm Bombyx mori reared in captivity ( sericulture ) .	0
what can silk be used for	The shimmering appearance of silk is due to the triangular prism -like structure of the silk fibre , which allows silk cloth to refract incoming light at different angles , thus producing different colors .	0
what can silk be used for	Silks are produced by several other insects , but generally only the silk of moth caterpillars has been used for textile manufacturing .	0
what can silk be used for	There has been some research into other silks , which differ at the molecular level .	0
what can silk be used for	Many silks are mainly produced by the larvae of insects undergoing complete metamorphosis , but some adult insects such as webspinners produce silk , and some insects such as raspy crickets produce silk throughout their lives .	0
what can silk be used for	Silk production also occurs in Hymenoptera ( bees , wasps , and ants ) , silverfish , mayflies , thrips , leafhoppers , beetles , lacewings , fleas , flies and midges .	0
what can silk be used for	Other types of arthropod produce silk , most notably various arachnids such as spiders ( see spider silk ) .	0
what channel is letterman on	Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS .	1
what channel is letterman on	The show debuted on August 30 , 1993 , and is produced by Letterman 's production company , Worldwide Pants Incorporated .	0
what channel is letterman on	The show 's music director and band-leader of the house band , the CBS Orchestra , is Paul Shaffer .	0
what channel is letterman on	The head writer is Matt Roberts and the announcer is Alan Kalter .	0
what channel is letterman on	Of the major U.S. late-night programs , Late Show ranks second in cumulative average viewers over time and third in number of episodes over time .	0
what channel is letterman on	The show leads other late night shows in ad revenue with $ 271 million in 2009 .	0
what channel is letterman on	In most U.S. markets the show airs at 11:35 p.m. Eastern/Pacific time , but is recorded Monday through Wednesday at 4:30 p.m. , and Thursdays at 3:30 p.m and 6:00 p.m .	0
what channel is letterman on	The second Thursday episode usually airs on Friday of that week .	0
what channel is letterman on	In 2002 , Late Show with David Letterman was ranked No . 7 on TV Guide 's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time .	0
what channel is letterman on	CBS has a contract with Worldwide Pants to continue the show through 2014 ; by then , Letterman will surpass Johnny Carson as the longest tenured late-night talk show host .	0
what happened to lynne on real housewives of orange county	The Real Housewives of Orange County is an American reality documentary television program on Bravo , set in Orange County , California .	0
what happened to lynne on real housewives of orange county	It was the first The Real Housewives program in the series .	0
what happened to lynne on real housewives of orange county	The series is a voyeuristic look into the wealthy lives of these housewives , as they shop , get plastic surgery , gossip , fight and live lavishly .	0
what happened to lynne on real housewives of orange county	The financial crisis , the beginning of which coincided almost exactly with the first season 's broadcast , has since trimmed the housewives ' lifestyles with job losses , evictions , mortgage defaults , foreclosures , and marital stress—all recorded in progressive seasons of the show .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is the use of the Internet or other electronic means to stalk or harass an individual , a group of individuals , or an organization .	1
what do cyberstalkers do	It may include the making of false accusations or statements of fact ( as in defamation ) , monitoring , making threats , identity theft , damage to data or equipment , the solicitation of minors for sex , or gathering information that may be used to harass .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	The definition of `` harassment '' must meet the criterion that a reasonable person , in possession of the same information , would regard it as sufficient to cause another reasonable person distress .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is different from spatial or offline stalking in that it occurs through the use of electronic communications technology such as the internet .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	However , it sometimes leads to it , or is accompanied by it .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Both are criminal offenses .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking shares important characteristics with offline stalking .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Many stalkers – online or off – are motivated by a desire to control their victims .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalker may be an online stranger or a person whom the target knows .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalker may be anonymous and may solicit involvement of other people online who do not even know the target .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is a criminal offense that comes into play under state anti-stalking laws , slander laws , and harassment laws .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalking conviction can result in a restraining order , probation , or even criminal penalties against the assailant , including jail .	0
what font does a business letter require	A business letter is usually used when writing from one company to another , or for correspondence between such organizations and their customers , clients and other external parties .	0
what font does a business letter require	The overall style of letter will depend on the relationship between the parties concerned .	0
what font does a business letter require	There are many reasons to write a business letter .	0
what font does a business letter require	It could be to request direct information or action from another party , to order supplies from a supplier , to identify a mistake that was committed , to reply directly to a request , to apologize for a wrong or simply to convey goodwill .	0
what font does a business letter require	Even today , the business letter is still very useful because it produces a permanent record , is confidential , formal and delivers persuasive , well-considered messages .	0
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia ( ) is the common name for nearly a hundred species of cichlid fish from the tilapiine cichlid tribe .	1
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia are mainly freshwater fish , inhabiting shallow streams , ponds , rivers and lakes , and less commonly found living in brackish water .	0
what kind a is tilapia	Historically , they have been of major importance in artisan fishing in Africa and the Levant , and are of increasing importance in aquaculture .	0
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia can become problematic invasive species in new warm-water habitats , whether deliberately or accidentally introduced , but generally not in temperate climates due to their inability to survive in cooler waters below about .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	Turner & Hooch is a 1989 comedy drama crime film starring Tom Hanks and Beasley the Dog as the eponymous characters , Turner and Hooch respectively .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	The film also stars Mare Winningham , Craig T. Nelson , and Reginald VelJohnson .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	It was directed by Roger Spottiswoode ; the film was originally slated to be directed by Henry Winkler , but he was terminated due to `` creative differences '' .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	It was co-written by Michael Blodgett from Beyond the Valley of the Dolls fame .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	Although K-9 ( with James Belushi ) was released prior to this film ( exactly three months earlier ) , Turner & Hooch became more popular and seemingly overshadowed its greater success , even though K-9 had a very similar plot .	0
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch	A pilot for a Turner & Hooch TV series was made and ran as a part of The Magical World of Disney .	0
how many airports in israel	This is a list of Israeli airports , sorted by location .	0
how many airports in israel	Entrance to Ovda Airport	0
how many airports in israel	Terminal 3 at Ben Gurion	0
how many airports in israel	Plane landing at Be'er Sheva ( Teyman )	0
how many airports in israel	Eilat Airport	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Adolf Hitler ( ; 20 April 1889 – 30 April 1945 ) was an Austrian -born German politician and the leader of the Nazi Party ( ( NSDAP ) ; National Socialist German Workers Party ) .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	He was chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and dictator of Nazi Germany ( as Führer und Reichskanzler ) from 1934 to 1945 .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Hitler was at the centre of Nazi Germany , World War II in Europe , and the Holocaust .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Hitler was a decorated veteran of World War I .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	He joined the German Workers ' Party ( precursor of the NSDAP ) in 1919 , and became leader of the NSDAP in 1921 .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	In 1923 , he attempted a coup d'état in Munich , known as the Beer Hall Putsch .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	The failed coup resulted in Hitler 's imprisonment , during which time he wrote his memoir , Mein Kampf ( My Struggle ) .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	After his release in 1924 , Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism , antisemitism , and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	After his appointment as chancellor in 1933 , he transformed the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich , a single-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of Nazism .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Hitler 's aim was to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in continental Europe .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	To this end , his foreign and domestic policies had the aim of seizing Lebensraum ( `` living space '' ) for the Germanic people .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	He directed the rearmament of Germany and the invasion of Poland by the Wehrmacht in September 1939 , resulting in the outbreak of World War II in Europe .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Under Hitler 's rule , in 1941 German forces and their European allies occupied most of Europe and North Africa .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	In 1943 , Germany had been forced onto the defensive and suffered a series of escalating defeats .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	In the final days of the war , during the Battle of Berlin in 1945 , Hitler married his long-time partner , Eva Braun .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	On 30 April 1945 , less than two days later , the two committed suicide to avoid capture by the Red Army , and their corpses were burned .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	Hitler 's aggressive foreign policy is considered the main cause of the outbreak of World War II in Europe .	0
what did 7 year old Hitler look like	His antisemitic policies and racially motivated ideology resulted in the deaths of at least 5.5 million Jews , and millions of other people deemed racially inferior .	0
how many domain names are registered	thumb	0
how many domain names are registered	A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy , authority , or control on the Internet .	0
how many domain names are registered	Domain names are formed by the rules and procedures of the Domain Name System ( DNS ) .	0
how many domain names are registered	Technically , any name registered in the DNS is a domain name .	0
how many domain names are registered	Domain names are used in various networking contexts and application-specific naming and addressing purposes .	0
how many domain names are registered	In general , a domain name represents an Internet Protocol ( IP ) resource , such as a personal computer used to access the Internet , a server computer hosting a web site , or the web site itself or any other service communicated via the Internet .	0
how many domain names are registered	Domain names are organized in subordinate levels ( subdomains ) of the DNS root domain , which is nameless .	0
how many domain names are registered	The first-level set of domain names are the top-level domains ( TLDs ) , including the generic top-level domains ( gTLDs ) , such as the prominent domains com , info , net and org , and the country code top-level domains ( ccTLDs ) .	0
how many domain names are registered	Below these top-level domains in the DNS hierarchy are the second-level and third-level domain names that are typically open for reservation by end-users who wish to connect local area networks to the Internet , create other publicly accessible Internet resources or run web sites .	0
how many domain names are registered	The registration of these domain names is usually administered by domain name registrars who sell their services to the public .	0
how many domain names are registered	A fully qualified domain name ( FQDN ) is a domain name that is completely specified in the hierarchy of the DNS , having no omitted parts .	0
how many domain names are registered	Domain names are usually written in lowercase , although labels in the Domain Name System are case-insensitive .	0
how many oxygen and nitrogen in nitrate ?	Nitrate is a polyatomic ion with the molecular formula NO3− and a molecular mass of 62.0049 g/mol . Nitrates also describe the organic functional group RONO2 .	0
how many oxygen and nitrogen in nitrate ?	These nitrate esters are a specialized class of explosives .	0
how many grape farms in united states	A wheat harvest in Idaho	0
how many grape farms in united states	This photo from a 1921 encyclopedia shows a tractor ploughing a crop field .	0
how many grape farms in united states	Agriculture is a major industry in the United States and the country is a net exporter of food .	0
how many grape farms in united states	As of the last census of agriculture in 2007 , there were 2.2 million farms , covering an area of , an average of per farm .	1
how many grape farms in united states	Although agricultural activity occurs in most states , it is particularly concentrated in the vast expanse of flat , arable land known as the Great Plains , which encompasses the central region of the nation .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	The Mpemba effect , named after Tanzanian student Erasto Mpemba , is the assertion that warmer water can freeze faster than colder water .	1
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	Although there is anecdotal support for the effect , there is no agreement on exactly what the effect is and under what circumstances it occurs .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	There have been reports of similar phenomena since ancient times , although with insufficient detail for the claims to be replicated .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	The phenomenon seems contrary to thermodynamics , but a number of possible explanations for the effect have been proposed .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	Further investigations will need to decide on a precise definition of `` freezing '' and control a vast number of starting parameters in order to confirm or explain the effect .	0
what does a siamese cat	The Siamese ( , ) is one of the first distinctly recognized breeds of Oriental cat .	0
what does a siamese cat	The breed originated in Thailand ( formerly known as Siam ) , where they are one of several native breeds and are called Wichian Mat ( วิเชียรมาศ , a name meaning `` moon diamond '' ) .	0
what does a siamese cat	In the 20th century the Siamese cat became one of the most popular breeds in Europe and North America .	0
how many qfc stores are there	Quality Food Centers ( QFC ) is a supermarket chain based in Bellevue , Washington , with 64 stores in the Puget Sound region of Washington state and in the Portland , Oregon metropolitan area .	1
what affects the money supply	In economics , the money supply or money stock , is the total amount of monetary assets available in an economy at a specific time .	0
what affects the money supply	There are several ways to define `` money , '' but standard measures usually include currency in circulation and demand deposits ( depositors ' easily accessed assets on the books of financial institutions ) .	0
what affects the money supply	Money supply data are recorded and published , usually by the government or the central bank of the country .	0
what affects the money supply	Public and private sector analysts have long monitored changes in money supply because of its effects on the price level , inflation , the exchange rate and the business cycle .	0
what affects the money supply	That relation between money and prices is historically associated with the quantity theory of money .	0
what affects the money supply	There is strong empirical evidence of a direct relation between money-supply growth and long-term price inflation , at least for rapid increases in the amount of money in the economy .	1
what affects the money supply	That is , a country such as Zimbabwe which saw rapid increases in its money supply also saw rapid increases in prices ( hyperinflation ) .	0
what affects the money supply	This is one reason for the reliance on monetary policy as a means of controlling inflation .	0
what affects the money supply	The nature of this causal chain is the subject of contention .	0
what affects the money supply	Some heterodox economists argue that the money supply is endogenous ( determined by the workings of the economy , not by the central bank ) and that the sources of inflation must be found in the distributional structure of the economy .	0
what affects the money supply	In addition , those economists seeing the central bank 's control over the money supply as feeble say that there are two weak links between the growth of the money supply and the inflation rate .	0
what affects the money supply	First , in the aftermath of a recession , when many resources are underutilized , an increase in the money supply can cause a sustained increase in real production instead of inflation .	0
what affects the money supply	Second , if the velocity of money , i.e. , the ratio between nominal GDP and money supply , changes , an increase in the money supply could have either no effect , an exaggerated effect , or an unpredictable effect on the growth of nominal GDP .	0
how many stories is an imax	Logo for IMAX .	0
how many stories is an imax	Warren Theatre IMAX cinema , Wichita , Kansas , USA , 601 seats .	0
how many stories is an imax	A comparison between 35 mm and 15/70 mm negative areas .	0
how many stories is an imax	IMAX ( an abbreviation for Image Maximum ) is a motion picture film format and a set of cinema projection standards created by the Canadian company IMAX Corporation .	0
how many stories is an imax	IMAX has the capacity to record and display images of far greater size and resolution than conventional film systems .	0
how many stories is an imax	Since 2002 , some feature films have been converted ( or upgraded ) into IMAX format for display in IMAX theatres and some have also been partially shot in IMAX .	0
how many stories is an imax	IMAX is the most widely used system for special-venue film presentations .	0
how many stories is an imax	, there are 697 IMAX theatres in 52 countries .	0
how is today special ?	Today 's Special is a Canadian children 's television show produced by Clive VanderBurgh at TVOntario from 1981 to 1987 .	1
how is today special ?	It also ran on Nickelodeon and the Faith and Values Channel/Odyssey ( now the Hallmark Channel ) as well as many PBS stations throughout the United States .	0
how is today special ?	It was set in a department store , based on the flagship location of the now defunct Simpson 's in Toronto .	0
how is today special ?	Many sequences for it were shot at the Queen Street West and Yonge Street store after hours .	0
How is constitutionalism used in the American Government today ?	Constitutionalism , in its most general meaning , is `` a complex of ideas , attitudes , and patterns of behavior elaborating the principle that the authority of government derives from and is limited by a body of fundamental law '' .	0
How is constitutionalism used in the American Government today ?	A political organization is constitutional to the extent that it `` contain [ s ] institutionalized mechanisms of power control for the protection of the interests and liberties of the citizenry , including those that may be in the minority `` .	0
How is constitutionalism used in the American Government today ?	As described by political scientist and constitutional scholar David Fellman :	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	An ice-cream headache , also known as brain freeze , cold-stimulus headache , or its given scientific name sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia ( meaning `` nerve pain of the sphenopalatine ganglion `` ) , is a form of brief cranial pain or headache commonly associated with consumption ( particularly quick consumption ) of cold beverages or foods such as ice cream and ice pops .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	It is caused by having something cold touch the roof of the mouth ( palate ) , and is believed to result from a nerve response causing rapid constriction and swelling of blood vessels or a `` referring `` of pain from the roof of the mouth to the head .	1
What Causes Brain Freeze	The rate of intake for cold foods has been studied as a contributing factor .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	There are people who can not experience `` brain freeze '' or similar symptoms .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	The term ice-cream headache has been in use since at least 31 January 1937 , contained in a journal entry by Rebecca Timbres published in the 1939 book We did n't ask Utopia : a Quaker family in Soviet Russia .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	The first published use of the term brain freeze , as it pertains to cold-induced headaches , was on 27 May 1991 .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	`` Auld Lang Syne '' ( : note `` s '' rather than `` z '' ) is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 and set to the tune of a traditional folk song ( Roud # 6294 ) .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	It is well known in many countries , especially in the English-speaking world ; its traditional use being to celebrate the start of the New Year at the stroke of midnight .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	By extension , it is also sung at funerals , graduations and as a farewell or ending to other occasions .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The international Boy Scout youth movement , in many countries , uses it as a close to jamborees and other functions .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The song 's Scots title may be translated into English literally as `` old long since '' , or more idiomatically , `` long long ago '' , `` days gone by '' or `` old times '' .	1
what does auld lang syne mean	Consequently `` For auld lang syne '' , as it appears in the first line of the chorus , might be loosely translated as `` for ( the sake of ) old times '' .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The phrase `` Auld Lang Syne '' is also used in similar poems by Robert Ayton ( 1570–1638 ) , Allan Ramsay ( 1686–1757 ) , and James Watson ( 1711 ) as well as older folk songs predating Burns .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	Matthew Fitt uses the phrase `` In the days of auld lang syne '' as the equivalent of `` Once upon a time ...	0
what does auld lang syne mean	`` in his retelling of fairy tales in the Scots language .	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	Ben Schulz , player of Leeroy Jenkins at BlizzCon 2007	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	Leeroy Jenkins , sometimes misspelled Leroy Jenkins and often elongated with numerous additional letters , is an Internet meme named for a player character created by Ben Schulz in Blizzard Entertainment 's MMORPG , World of Warcraft .	1
what does leeroy jenkins mean	The character became popular due to a video of the game that circulated around the Internet .	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	The phenomenon has since spread beyond the boundaries of the gaming community into other online and mainstream media .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Oscar Grant was fatally shot by BART police officer Johannes Mehserle in Oakland , California , United States , in the early morning hours of New Year 's Day 2009 .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Responding to reports of a fight on a crowded Bay Area Rapid Transit train returning from San Francisco , BART Police officers detained Oscar Grant and several other passengers on the platform at the Fruitvale BART Station .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Officer Johannes Mehserle and another officer were restraining Grant , who was prostrate and allegedly resisting arrest .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Officer Mehserle stood and , according to witnesses , said : `` Get back , I 'm gon na tase him . ''	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Then Mehserle drew his gun and shot Grant once in the back ; Mehserle appeared stunned , put his hands to his head and exclaimed , `` Oh , my God ! ''	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	During his court testimony , Mehserle said that Grant then exclaimed , `` You shot me ! ''	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Grant turned out to be unarmed ; he was pronounced dead the next morning at Highland Hospital in Oakland .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The events were captured on multiple digital video and cell phone cameras .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The footage was disseminated to media outlets and to various websites , where it was watched millions of times .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The following days saw both peaceful and violent protests .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The shooting has been variously labeled an involuntary manslaughter and a summary execution .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	On January 13 , Alameda County prosecutors charged Mehserle with murder for the shooting .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	He resigned his position and pleaded not guilty .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The trial began on June 10 , 2010 .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Michael Rains , Mehserle 's criminal defense attorney , argued that Mehserle mistakenly shot Grant with his pistol , intending to use his Taser when he saw Grant reaching for his waistband .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Pretrial filings argue that his client did not commit first-degree murder and asked a Los Angeles judge to instruct the jury to limit its deliberations to either second-degree murder or acquittal .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Oakland civil rights attorney John Burris filed a $ 25 million wrongful death claim against BART on behalf of Grant 's family .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	On July 8 , 2010 , the jury returned its verdict : Mehserle was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter and not guilty of second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Initial protests against the ruling were peacefully organized ; looting , arson , destruction of property , and small riots broke out after dark .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	Nearly 80 people were eventually arrested .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	On Friday , July 9 , 2010 , the U.S. Justice Department opened a civil rights case against Mehserle ; the federal government can prosecute him independently for the same act under the separate sovereigns exception to double jeopardy .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	The Department of Justice will be working with the U.S. Attorney 's office in San Francisco and the FBI .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	On November 5 , 2010 , Mehserle was sentenced to two years , minus time served .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	He served his time in the Los Angeles County Jail , occupying a private cell away from other prisoners .	0
what happened to the officer in bart shooting	He was released on June 13 , 2011 and is now on parole .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	Major representatives of the Harlem Renaissance .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	The Harlem Renaissance was a cultural movement that spanned the 1920s .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	At the time , it was known as the `` New Negro Movement '' , named after the 1925 anthology by Alain Locke .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	Though it was centered in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City , many French-speaking black writers from African and Caribbean colonies who lived in Paris were also influenced by the Harlem Renaissance .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	The Harlem Renaissance is unofficially recognized to have spanned from about 1919 until the early or mid-1930s .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	Many of its ideas lived on much longer .	0
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance	The zenith of this `` flowering of Negro literature '' , as James Weldon Johnson preferred to call the Harlem Renaissance , was placed between 1924 ( the year that Opportunity : A Journal of Negro Life hosted a party for black writers where many white publishers were in attendance ) and 1929 ( the year of the stock market crash and the beginning of the Great Depression ) .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	African States between 500 BCE and 1500 CE	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Obelisk at temple of Luxor , Egypt .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	c. 1200 BCE .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	African knight of Baguirmi in full padded armour suit .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	The history of Africa begins with the prehistory of Africa and the emergence of Homo sapiens in East Africa , continuing into the present as a patchwork of diverse and politically developing nation states .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Some early evidence of agriculture in Africa dates from 16,000 BCE , and metallurgy from about 4000 BCE .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	The recorded history of early civilization arose in Egypt , and later in Nubia , the Maghreb and the Horn of Africa .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	During the Middle Ages , Islam spread through the regions .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Crossing the Maghreb and the Sahel , a major center of Muslim culture was Timbuktu .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Some notable pre-colonial states and societies in Africa include the Nok culture , Mali Empire , Ashanti Empire , Kingdom of Mapungubwe , Kingdom of Sine , Kingdom of Saloum , Kingdom of Baol , Kingdom of Zimbabwe , Kingdom of Kongo , Ancient Carthage , Numidia , Mauretania , the Aksumite Empire , the Ajuuraan State and the Adal Sultanate .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	From the late 15th century , Europeans and Arabs took slaves from West , Central and Southeast Africa overseas in the African slave trade .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	European colonization of Africa developed rapidly in the Scramble for Africa of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Following struggles for independence in many parts of the continent , as well as a weakened Europe after the Second World War ; decolonization took place .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Africa 's history has been challenging for researchers in the field of African studies because of the scarcity of written sources in large parts of sub-Saharan Africa .	0
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa	Scholarly techniques such as the recording of oral history , historical linguistics , archaeology and genetics have been crucial .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Curry Foley was the first player in Major League Baseball history to hit for the cycle .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	In baseball , hitting for the cycle is the accomplishment of one batter hitting a single , a double , a triple , and a home run in the same game .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Collecting the hits in that order is known as a `` natural cycle '' .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Cycles are uncommon in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , and have occurred 294 times since the first by Curry Foley in 1882 .	1
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	The cycle is roughly as common as a no-hitter ( 279 occurrences in MLB history ) ; it has been called `` one of the rarest '' and `` most difficult feats '' in baseball .	1
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Based on 2009 offensive levels , the probability of an average MLB player hitting for a cycle against an average team in a game is approximately 0.00590 % ; this corresponds to about 2.5 cycles in a 162-game season with 30 teams .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	In other baseball leagues , the cycle is achieved less frequently .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Through September 4 , 2008 , 62 players in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) , the top-level baseball organization in Japan , have hit for the cycle , the most recent being Michihiro Ogasawara .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Two players have hit for the cycle on the same day once in NPB history ; this has occurred twice in MLB history .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	One NPB player has also hit for the cycle in an NPB All-Star game .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	No player has ever hit for the cycle in the MLB All-Star Game or the postseason .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	The main slave routes in medieval Africa .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	This article discusses systems , history , and effects of slavery within Africa .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	See Arab slave trade , Atlantic slave trade , Maafa , and Slavery in contemporary Africa for other discussions .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	`` Slave transport in Africa '' .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Europeans usually did not enter the interior regions .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Slavery in Africa has existed throughout the continent for many centuries , and continues in the current day .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Systems of servitude and slavery were common in many parts of the continent , as they were in much of the ancient world .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	In most African societies where slavery was prevalent , the enslaved people were largely treated as indentured servants and not treated as chattel slaves .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	When the Arab slave trade and Atlantic slave trade began , many of the local slave systems changed and began supplying captives for slave markets outside of Africa .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Slavery in historical Africa was practiced in many different forms and some of these do not clearly fit the definitions of slavery elsewhere in the world .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Debt slavery , enslavement of war captives , military slavery , and criminal slavery were all practiced in various parts of Africa .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Although there had been some trans-Saharan trade from the interior of Sub-Saharan Africa to other regions , slavery was a small part of the economic life of many societies in Africa until the introduction of transcontinental slave trades ( Arab and Atlantic ) .	0
how do africans view the slave trade	Slave practices were again transformed with European colonization of Africa and the formal abolition of slavery in the early 1900s .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	Windows Task Manager is a task manager or System monitor application included with the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems that provides limited information about computer performance and running applications , processes and CPU usage , commit charge and memory information , network activity and statistics , logged-in users , and system services ( and as often is the case with software tools provided by Microsoft for Windows , 3rd party software is available which fills the requirements more thoroughly , e.g , `` Process Explorer '' , `` Extended Task Manager '' , `` Anvir Task Manager '' , `` Process Hacker '' , and `` System Explorer '' ) .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	The Task Manager can also be used to set process priorities , processor affinity , forcibly terminate processes , and shut down , restart , hibernate or log off from Windows .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	Windows Task Manager was introduced with Windows NT 4.0 .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	Previous versions of Windows NT included the Task List application , which had far fewer features .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	The task list was capable of listing currently running processes and killing them , or creating a new process .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	In Windows XP only , a Shutdown menu is also present that allows access to Standby , Hibernate , Turn off , Restart , Log Off and Switch User .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	Earlier versions of Microsoft Windows ( Microsoft Windows 3.x , Windows 95 , Windows 98 ) had a program known as tasks to display the programs currently running .	0
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?	This file was executed by running the taskman.exe file from the C : \Windows directory .	0
what happened to steelix on the troop nick	The Troop is an American-Canadian live-action , single camera comedy -adventure television series about a trio of teenagers who fight and capture monsters and other supernatural phenomena that invade the fictional town of Lakewood .	0
what happened to steelix on the troop nick	Created and executive produced by Max Burnett , Greg Coolidge and Chris Morgan , the series premiered on Nickelodeon on September 18 , 2009 .	0
what happened to steelix on the troop nick	The second season premiered on June 25 , 2011 and Nickelodeon cancelled the series midway through it 's second season .	0
what happened to steelix on the troop nick	The remaining episodes of season 2 were aired on Nicktoons except the last 3..	0
what goods are imported in the Democratic Republic of Congo	Sparsely populated in relation to its area , the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) is home to a vast potential of natural resources and mineral wealth , its untapped deposits of raw minerals are estimated to be worth in excess of US $ 24 trillion , yet the economy of the DRC has declined drastically since the mid-1980s .	0
what goods are imported in the Democratic Republic of Congo	At the time of its independence in 1960 , DRC was the second most industrialized country in Africa after South Africa ; it boasted a thriving mining sector and its agriculture sector was relatively productive .	0
what causes an afterimage	If the viewer stares at this image for 20–60 seconds and stares at a white object , a negative afterimage will appear ( in this case , it will be cyan on magenta ) .	0
what causes an afterimage	This can also be achieved by the viewer closing his/her eyes and tilting their head up .	0
what causes an afterimage	An afterimage or ghost image or image burn-in is an optical illusion that refers to an image continuing to appear in one 's vision after the exposure to the original image has ceased .	0
what causes an afterimage	One of the most common afterimages is the bright glow that seems to float before one 's eyes after looking into a light source for a few seconds .	0
what causes an afterimage	Closing the eye can help achieve a better sense of the color in its own aspect .	0
what causes an afterimage	Afterimages come in two forms , negative ( inverted ) and positive ( retaining original color ) .	0
what causes an afterimage	The process behind positive afterimages is unknown , though thought to be related to neural adaptation .	0
what causes an afterimage	On the other hand , negative afterimages are a retinal phenomenon and are well understood .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Lost is an American serial drama television series that premiered on September 22 , 2004 on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series was created by J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof , based upon an original pilot script titled Nowhere written by Jeffrey Lieber .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Six seasons of the show aired , in addition to numerous clip shows to recap previous episodes .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	ABC announced that Lost would end after six seasons , having produced a total of 121 episodes .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series follows the past , present , and future experience ( s ) of the survivors of a plane crash on a passenger jet , Oceanic Flight 815 , flying from Sydney to Los Angeles after it crashes on a tropical island in the South Pacific .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series also includes stories of the lives of people already living on the island — they include the `` Others `` , who initially antagonize the survivors , as well as a group of people who arrive on the freighter Kahana .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Each episode typically features action on the island as well as a secondary storyline from another point in a character 's life .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Season 6 features a detailing of the lives of the survivors in a different reality , as if the flight had never crashed .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	In the following list , the term `` featured character ( s ) '' refers to the character or characters who are featured in the secondary storyline of each episode .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	`` No .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	in series '' refers to the episode 's number in the overall series , whereas `` No .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	in season '' refers to the episode 's number in each particular season .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	`` U.S. viewers ( million ) '' refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episode live .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	A total of 121 episodes of Lost were produced , the last of which aired on May 23 , 2010 .	1
how many episodes of Lost were there	All seasons are available on DVD in Regions 1–4 and on Blu-ray in Regions A and B .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	Flat feet ( also called pes planus or fallen arches ) is a formal reference to a medical condition in which the arch of the foot collapses , with the entire sole of the foot coming into complete or near-complete contact with the ground .	1
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	In some individuals ( an estimated 20–30 % of the general population ) the arch simply never develops in one foot ( unilaterally ) or both feet ( bilaterally ) .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	Three studies ( see citations below in military section ) of military recruits have shown no evidence of later increased injury , or foot problems , due to flat feet , in a population of people who reach military service age without prior foot problems .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	However , these studies can not be used to judge possible future damage from this condition when diagnosed at younger ages .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	They also can not be applied to persons whose flat feet are associated with foot symptoms , or certain symptoms in other parts of the body ( such as the leg or back ) possibly referable to the foot .	0
what age group is generation x	Generation X , commonly abbreviated to Gen X , is the generation born after the Western post-World War II baby boom .	0
what age group is generation x	Demographers , historians and commentators use beginning birth dates from the early 1960s to the early 1980s .	1
what age group is generation x	The term was popularized by Douglas Coupland 's 1991 novel Generation X : Tales for an Accelerated Culture .	0
what age group is generation x	Before that , it had been used for various subcultures or countercultures after the 1950s .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Pressure ulcers , also known as decubitus ulcers or bedsores , are localized injuries to the skin and/or underlying tissue usually over a bony prominence , as a result of pressure , or pressure in combination with shear and/or friction .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Most commonly this will be the sacrum , coccyx , heels or the hips , but other sites such as the elbows , knees , ankles or the back of the cranium can be affected .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	The cause of pressure ulcers is pressure applied to soft tissue so that blood flow to the soft tissue is completely or partially obstructed .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Shear is also a cause ; shear pulls on blood vessels that feed the skin .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Pressure ulcers most commonly develop in persons who are not moving about or are confined to wheelchairs .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	It is widely believed that other factors can influence the tolerance of skin for pressure and shear thereby increasing the risk of pressure ulcer development .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	These factors are protein-calorie malnutrition , microclimate ( skin wetness caused by sweating or incontinence ) , diseases that reduce blood flow to the skin , such as arteriosclerosis or diseases that reduce the feeling in the skin , such as paralysis or neuropathy .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	The healing of pressure ulcers may be slowed by the age of the person , medical conditions ( such as arteriosclerosis , diabetes or infection ) , smoking or medications such as antiinflammatory drugs .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Although often prevented and treatable if found early , pressure ulcers can be very difficult to prevent in critically ill patients , frail elders , wheelchair users ( especially where spinal injury is involved ) and terminally ill patients .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Primary prevention is to redistribute pressure by turning the patient regularly .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	The benefit of turning to avoid further sores is well documented since at least the 19th century .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	In addition to turning and re-positioning the patient in bed or wheelchair , eating a balanced diet with adequate protein and keeping the skin free from exposure to urine and stool is very important .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	The prevalence of pressure ulcers in hospital settings is high , but improvements are being made .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	According to the 2010 IPUP ( International Pressure Ulcer Prevalence Survey ) conducted in Canada , there was a significant decrease in the overall facility-acquired prevalence of pressure ulcers from 2009-2010 .	0
how do you heal a bed sore	Ulcers were most commonly identified at the sacral/coccyx ulcer location ; however , heel ulcers were the most common facility-acquired location in the survey .	0
what happen to the boys that played in `` overboard '' ?	Overboard is a 1987 American romantic comedy film starring Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell .	0
what happen to the boys that played in `` overboard '' ?	It was directed by Garry Marshall , produced by Roddy McDowell , and loosely inspired by the 1974 Italian film Swept Away .	0
what happen to the boys that played in `` overboard '' ?	In turn , Overboard was adapted into the 2006 South Korean television series , Couple or Trouble .	0
how many black people live in green bay	Green Bay is a city in and the county seat of Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin , located at the head of Green Bay , a sub-basin of Lake Michigan , at the mouth of the Fox River .	0
how many black people live in green bay	It has an elevation of above sea level and is located north of Milwaukee .	0
how many black people live in green bay	The population was 104,057 at the 2010 census .	0
how many black people live in green bay	It is the third-largest city in the state of Wisconsin , after Milwaukee and Madison .	0
how many black people live in green bay	It is also the third-largest city on the west shore of Lake Michigan , after Chicago and Milwaukee .	0
how many black people live in green bay	Green Bay is home to the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League , making it by far the smallest metropolitan area in the USA to host a major professional sports franchise .	0
how many black people live in green bay	Green Bay is the principal city of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area , which covers Brown , Kewaunee , and Oconto Counties and had a combined population of 282,599 at the 2000 census .	0
how many black people live in green bay	Green Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants , and a port on Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan that locals call the Bay of Green Bay , to avoid conflating it with the eponymous city .	0
how many black people live in green bay	It is home to the National Railroad Museum ; the Neville Public Museum , with exhibitions of art , history , and science ; and the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay .	0
what does LH do	Luteinizing hormone ( LH , also known as lutropin and sometimes lutrophin ) is a hormone produced by gonadotroph cells in the anterior pituitary gland .	0
what does LH do	In females , an acute rise of LH ( `` LH surge '' ) triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum .	0
what does LH do	In males , where LH had also been called interstitial cell-stimulating hormone ( ICSH ) , it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone .	0
what does LH do	It acts synergistically with FSH .	0
how is selena	Selena Quintanilla-Pérez ( April 16 , 1971 – March 31 , 1995 ) , known simply as Selena , was an American singer-songwriter .	0
how is selena	She was named the `` top Latin artist of the '90s '' and `` Best selling Latin artist of the decade '' by Billboard for her fourteen top-ten singles in the Top Latin Songs chart , including seven number-one hits .	0
how is selena	Selena had the most successful singles of 1994 and 1995 , `` Amor Prohibido `` and `` No Me Queda Más `` .	0
how is selena	She was called `` The Queen of Tejano music `` and the Mexican equivalent of Madonna .	0
how is selena	Selena released her first album , Selena y Los Dinos , at the age of twelve .	0
how is selena	She won Female Vocalist of the Year at the 1987 Tejano Music Awards and landed a recording contract with EMI a few years later .	0
how is selena	Her fame grew throughout the early 1990s , especially in Spanish-speaking countries , and she had begun recording in English as well .	0
how is selena	Selena was murdered at the age of 23 on March 31 , 1995 by Yolanda Saldívar , the former president of her fan club .	0
how is selena	On April 12 , 1995 , two weeks after her death , George W. Bush , governor of Texas at the time , declared her birthday `` Selena Day '' in Texas .	0
how is selena	Warner Bros. produced Selena , a film based on her life starring Jennifer Lopez , in 1997 .	0
how is selena	Selena 's life was also the basis of the musical Selena Forever starring Veronica Vazquez as Selena .	0
how is selena	In June 2006 Selena was commemorated with a life-sized bronze statue ( Mirador de la Flor in Corpus Christi , Texas ) and a Selena museum opened there .	0
how is selena	She has sold over 60 million albums worldwide , making her one of the best-selling artists of all time .	0
how is selena	She is also the only female artist to have five albums in U.S . Billboard 200 at the same time .	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	German Stahlhelm from World War II	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	Insignia of the Bolivian Army Colorados regiment , showing a Stahlhelm and two crossed bayonets	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	Stahlhelm ( plural , Stahlhelme ) is German for `` steel helmet '' .	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	The Imperial German Army began to replace the traditional boiled-leather Pickelhaube ( spiked combat helmet ) with the Stahlhelm during World War I in 1916 .	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	The term Stahlhelm refers both to a generic steel helmet , and more specifically to the distinctive ( and iconic ) German design .	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	The Stahlhelm , with its distinctive `` coal scuttle `` shape , was an instantly recognizable icon for military imagery and became a common element of military propaganda on both sides , just like the Pickelhaube before it .	0
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet	Its name was also used by the Stahlhelm , a paramilitary nationalist organization established at the end of 1918 .	0
what glows in the dark	Glow-in-the-dark may refer to:	0
what glows in the dark	Bioluminescence , the production and emission of light by a living organism	0
what glows in the dark	Chemiluminescence , is the emission of light ( luminescence ) without emission of heat	0
what glows in the dark	Phosphorescence , a specific type of photoluminescence related to fluorescence	0
what glows in the dark	Radioluminescence , production of luminescence in a material by the bombardment of ionizing radiation	1
what glows in the dark	Glow in the Dark Tour , a 2008 concert tour by Kanye West	0
what cities are airline hubs	Frankfurt Airport serves as a hub city for Lufthansa and receives flights from Star Alliance carriers .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Airline hubs are airports ranked as large , medium , small , and non-hubs as one of the FAA airport categories which are re-evaluated every year based on number of commercial passengers .	0
what cities are airline hubs	The more common but informal use for the phrase airline hub is an airport that an airline uses as a transfer point to get passengers to their intended destination .	0
what cities are airline hubs	It is part of a hub and spoke model , where travelers moving between airports not served by direct flights change planes en route to their destinations .	0
what cities are airline hubs	This is as opposed to the Point to Point model .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Many hubs of the airlines are also situated at airports in the cities of the respective head offices .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Some airlines may use only a single hub , while other airlines use multiple hubs .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Hubs are used for both passenger flights as well as cargo flights .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Many airlines also use focus cities , which function much the same as hubs .	0
what cities are airline hubs	Airlines may also use secondary hubs , a non-technical term for large focus cities .	0
what cities are airline hubs	A hub in the middle of a route is more effective than at either end as connecting traffic more easily fills the plane - passengers prefer a one-stop ( two-leg ) route over a two-stop ( three-leg ) route .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Hollow Lacedaemon .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Site of the Menelaion , the shrine to Helen and Menelaus constructed anciently in the Bronze Age city that stood on the hill of Therapne on the left bank of the Eurotas River overlooking the future site of Dorian Sparta .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Across the valley the successive ridges of Mount Taygetus are in evidence .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta ( Doric Greek : ; Attic Greek : ) , or Lacedaemon , was a prominent city-state in ancient Greece , situated on the banks of the Eurotas River in Laconia , in south-eastern Peloponnese .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	It emerged as a political entity around the 10th century BC , when the invading Dorians subjugated the local , non-Dorian population .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Around 650 BC , it rose to become the dominant military land-power in ancient Greece .	1
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Given its military pre-eminence , Sparta was recognized as the overall leader of the combined Greek forces during the Greco-Persian Wars .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Between 431 and 404 BC , Sparta was the principal enemy of Athens during the Peloponnesian War , from which it emerged victorious , though at great cost .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta 's defeat by Thebes in the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC ended Sparta 's prominent role in Greece .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	However , it maintained its political independence until the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	It then underwent a long period of decline , especially in the Middle Ages , when many Spartans moved to live in Mystras .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Modern Sparta is the capital of the Greek regional unit of Laconia and a center for the processing of goods such as citrus and olives .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta was unique in ancient Greece for its social system and constitution , which completely focused on military training and excellence .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Its inhabitants were classified as Spartiates ( Spartan citizens , who enjoyed full rights ) , Mothakes ( non-Spartan free men raised as Spartans ) , Perioikoi ( freedmen ) , and Helots ( state-owned serfs , enslaved non-Spartan local population ) .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Spartiates underwent the rigorous agoge training and education regimen , and Spartan phalanges were widely considered to be among the best in battle .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Spartan women enjoyed considerably more rights and equality to men than elsewhere in the classical world .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta was the subject of fascination in its own day , as well as in the West following the revival of classical learning .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	This love or admiration of Sparta is known as Laconism or Laconophilia .	0
what fantasy american football means	Fantasy football is an interactive competition in which users compete against each other as general managers of virtual teams .	1
what fantasy american football means	The players that an individual is able to manage are professional American football players in the National Football League .	0
what fantasy american football means	The different actions people are able to make are drafting , trading , adding or dropping players , and changing rosters .	0
what fantasy american football means	Due to the growth of the Internet , Fantasy football has vastly increased in popularity , particularly because Fantasy football providers such as ESPN , Yahoo , CBS , and the NFL itself are able to keep track of statistics entirely online , eliminating the need to check box scores and newspapers regularly to keep track of players .	0
what fantasy american football means	Most leagues have a single week championship in Week 16 of the NFL season .	0
how many people in world today	World population estimates from 1800 to 2100 , based on UN 2010 projections ( red , orange , green ) and US Census Bureau historical estimates ( black ) .	0
how many people in world today	Actual recorded population figures are in blue .	0
how many people in world today	According to the highest estimate , the world population may rise to 16 billion by 2100 ; according to the lowest estimate , it may decline to 6 billion .	0
how many people in world today	The world population is the total number of living humans on Earth .	0
how many people in world today	As of today , it is estimated to number billion by the United States Census Bureau ( USCB ) .	0
how many people in world today	The USCB estimates that the world population exceeded 7 billion on March 12 , 2012 .	0
how many people in world today	According to a separate estimate by the United Nations Population Fund , it reached this milestone on October 31 , 2011 .	0
how many people in world today	The world population has experienced continuous growth since the end of the Great Famine and the Black Death in 1350 , when it stood at around 370 million .	0
how many people in world today	The highest rates of growth – global population increases above 1.8 % per year – were seen briefly during the 1950s , and for a longer period during the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how many people in world today	The growth rate peaked at 2.2 % in 1963 , and had declined to 1.1 % by 2011 .	0
how many people in world today	Total annual births were highest in the late 1980s at about 138 million , and are now expected to remain essentially constant at their 2011 level of 134 million , while deaths number 56 million per year , and are expected to increase to 80 million per year by 2040 .	0
how many people in world today	Current projections show a continued increase in population in the near future ( but a steady decline in the population growth rate ) , with the global population expected to reach between 7.5 and 10.5 billion by 2050 .	0
how many people in world today	Various longer-term estimates predict further growth , stagnation , or even overall decline in the global population by 2150 .	0
how many people in world today	Some analysts have questioned the sustainability of further world population growth , citing the growing pressures on the environment , global food supplies , and energy resources .	0
how many muscles in the body	Skeletal muscles homo sapiens	0
how many muscles in the body	This is a table of muscles of the human anatomy .	0
how many muscles in the body	There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human , and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles , found on both sides , resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles , as presented in this article .	1
how many muscles in the body	Nevertheless , the exact number is difficult to define because different sources group muscles differently , e.g . regarding what is defined as different parts of a single muscle or as several muscles .	0
how many muscles in the body	Examples range from 640 to 850 .	1
how many muscles in the body	The muscles of the human body can be categorized into a number of groups which include muscles relating to the head and neck , muscles of the torso or trunk , muscles of the upper limbs , and muscles of the lower limbs .	0
how many muscles in the body	The action refers to the action of each muscle from the standard anatomical position .	0
how many muscles in the body	In other positions , other actions may be performed .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	A gold bar is a quantity of refined metallic gold of any shape that is made by a bar producer meeting standard conditions of manufacture , labeling , and record keeping .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Larger gold bars that are produced by pouring the molten metal into molds are called ingots .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Smaller bars may be manufactured by minting or stamping from appropriately rolled gold sheets .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	The standard gold bar held as gold reserves by central banks and traded among bullion dealers is the 400-troy-ounce ( 12.4 kg or 438.9 ounces ) Good Delivery gold bar .	1
how much does a gold bar weigh	The kilobar , which is to say 1000 grams in mass , is the bar that is more manageable and is used extensively for trading and investment .	1
how much does a gold bar weigh	The premium on these bars when traded is very low over the spot value of the gold making it ideal for small transfers between banks and traders .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Most kilobars are flat , although some investors , particularly in Europe , prefer the brick shape .	0
how many kids does archie manning have	Elisha Archibald `` Archie '' Manning III ( born May 19 , 1949 ) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League , playing for the New Orleans Saints from 1971 to 1982 , then for the Houston Oilers and Minnesota Vikings .	0
how many kids does archie manning have	He is the father of current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning , current New York Giants starting quarterback Eli Manning , and former Ole Miss receiver Cooper Manning .	1
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Advocacy is a political process by an individual or group which aims to influence public-policy and resource allocation decisions within political , economic , and social systems and institutions .	1
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Advocacy can include many activities that a person or organization undertakes including media campaigns , public speaking , commissioning and publishing research or polls or the filing of an amicus brief .	0
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Lobbying ( often by lobby groups ) is a form of advocacy where a direct approach is made to legislators on an issue which plays a significant role in modern politics .	0
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Research is beginning to explore how advocacy groups in the U.S. and Canada are using social media to facilitate civic engagement and collective action .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The flag of Mexico ( Spanish : Bandera de México ) is a vertical tricolor of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	While the meaning of the colors has changed over time , these three colors were adopted by Mexico following independence from Spain during the country 's War of Independence , and subsequent First Mexican Empire .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current flag was adopted in 1968 , but the overall design has been used since 1821 , when the First National Flag was created .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current law of national symbols , Law on the National Arms , Flag , and Anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	Red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico .	1
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The central emblem is the Aztec pictogram for Tenochtitlan ( now Mexico City ) , the center of their empire .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	It recalls the legend that inspired the Aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968 .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	A ribbon in the national colors is at the bottom of the coat of arms .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	Throughout history , the flag has changed four times , as the design of the coat of arms and the length-width ratios of the flag have been modified .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	However , the coat of arms has had the same features throughout : an eagle , holding a serpent in its talon , is perched on top of a prickly pear cactus ; the cactus is situated on a rock that rises above a lake .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The coat of arms is derived from an Aztec legend that their gods told them to build a city where they spot an eagle on a nopal eating a serpent , which is now Mexico City .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current national flag , the Fourth National Flag , is also used as the Mexican naval ensign by ships registered in Mexico .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	A destination marketing organization or convention and visitor bureau promotes a town , city , region , or country in order to increase the number of visitors .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	It promotes the development and marketing of a destination , focusing on convention sales , tourism marketing , and services .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	Such organizations promote economic development of a destination by increasing visits from tourists and business travelers , which generates overnight lodging for a destination , visits to restaurants , and shopping revenues .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	Convention and visitor bureaus are the most important tourism marketing organizations in their respective tourist destinations , as they are directly responsible for marketing the destination brand through travel and tourism `` product awareness '' to visitors .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	DMOs produce billions of dollars in direct and indirect revenue and taxes for their destinations ' economies with their marketing and sales expertise .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	Destination marketing organizations are often called travel , convention , visitors , or tourism bureaux , welcome centers , information centers and more .	0
how many cubes are in the us ?	Regardless of the name , these organizations offer many services to the traveling public .	0
how often do elk have sex	The elk or wapiti ( Cervus canadensis ) is one of the largest species of deer in the world , and one of the largest land mammals in North America and eastern Asia .	0
how often do elk have sex	It was long believed to be a subspecies of the European red deer ( Cervus elaphus ) , but evidence from a 2004 study of the mitochondrial DNA indicates that the two are distinct species .	0
how often do elk have sex	This animal should not be confused with the larger moose ( Alces alces ) , to which the name `` elk '' applies in Eurasia .	0
how often do elk have sex	Apart from the moose , the only other member of the deer family to rival the elk in size is the south Asian sambar ( Rusa unicolor ) .	0
how often do elk have sex	Elk range in forest and forest-edge habitat , feeding on grasses , plants , leaves , and bark .	0
how often do elk have sex	Although native to North America and eastern Asia , they have adapted well to countries where they have been introduced , including Argentina , Australia , and New Zealand .	0
how often do elk have sex	Their great adaptability may threaten endemic species and ecosystems into which they have been introduced .	0
how often do elk have sex	Male elk have large antlers which are shed each year .	0
how often do elk have sex	Males also engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut , including posturing , antler wrestling ( sparring ) , and bugling , a loud series of vocalizations which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females .	1
how often do elk have sex	Elk are susceptible to a number of infectious diseases , some of which can be transmitted to livestock .	0
how often do elk have sex	Efforts to eliminate infectious diseases from elk populations , largely through vaccination , have had mixed success .	0
how often do elk have sex	Some cultures revere the elk as a spiritual force .	0
how often do elk have sex	In parts of Asia , antlers and their velvet are used in traditional medicines .	0
how often do elk have sex	Elk are hunted as a game species ; the meat is leaner and higher in protein than beef or chicken .	0
what city is george washington university	The George Washington University ( GW , GWU , or George Washington ) is a comprehensive private , coeducational research university located in Washington , D.C. .	1
what city is george washington university	It awards certificates , Bachelor degrees , Masters degrees , and PhDs across several dozen disciplines .	0
what city is george washington university	The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 9 , 1821 as The Columbian College in the District of Columbia .	0
what does a lion need	The lion ( Panthera leo ) is one of the four big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .	0
what does a lion need	With some males exceeding in weight , it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger .	0
what does a lion need	Wild lions currently exist in sub-Saharan Africa and in Asia ( where an endangered remnant population resides in Gir Forest National Park in India ) while other types of lions have disappeared from North Africa and Southwest Asia in historic times .	0
what does a lion need	Until the late Pleistocene , about 10,000 years ago , the lion was the most widespread large land mammal after humans .	0
what does a lion need	They were found in most of Africa , across Eurasia from western Europe to India , and in the Americas from the Yukon to Peru .	0
what does a lion need	The lion is a vulnerable species , having seen a major population decline of 30–50 % over the past two decades in its African range .	0
what does a lion need	Lion populations are untenable outside designated reserves and national parks .	0
what does a lion need	Although the cause of the decline is not fully understood , habitat loss and conflicts with humans are currently the greatest causes of concern .	0
what does a lion need	Within Africa , the West African lion population is particularly endangered .	0
what does a lion need	Lions live for 10–14 years in the wild , while in captivity they can live longer than 20 years .	0
what does a lion need	In the wild , males seldom live longer than 10 years , as injuries sustained from continual fighting with rival males greatly reduce their longevity .	0
what does a lion need	They typically inhabit savanna and grassland , although they may take to bush and forest .	0
what does a lion need	Lions are unusually social compared to other cats .	0
what does a lion need	A pride of lions consists of related females and offspring and a small number of adult males .	0
what does a lion need	Groups of female lions typically hunt together , preying mostly on large ungulates .	0
what does a lion need	Lions are apex and keystone predators , although they scavenge as opportunity allows .	0
what does a lion need	While lions do not typically hunt humans , some have been known to do so .	0
what does a lion need	Sleeping mainly during the day , lions are primarily nocturnal , although bordering on crepuscular in nature .	0
what does a lion need	Highly distinctive , the male lion is easily recognised by its mane , and its face is one of the most widely recognised animal symbols in human culture .	0
what does a lion need	Depictions have existed from the Upper Paleolithic period , with carvings and paintings from the Lascaux and Chauvet Caves , through virtually all ancient and medieval cultures where they once occurred .	0
what does a lion need	It has been extensively depicted in sculptures , in paintings , on national flags , and in contemporary films and literature .	0
what does a lion need	Lions have been kept in menageries since the time of the Roman Empire , and have been a key species sought for exhibition in zoos over the world since the late 18th century .	0
what does a lion need	Zoos are cooperating worldwide in breeding programs for the endangered Asiatic subspecies .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	In the history of video games , the seventh generation of consoles is the previous generation , and includes consoles released since late by Nintendo , Microsoft , and Sony .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	For home consoles , the seventh generation began on 22 November 2005 with the release of Xbox 360 and continued with the release of PlayStation 3 on 11 November 2006 , and Wii on 19 November 2006 .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Each new console introduced a new type of breakthrough in technology .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	The Xbox 360 offered games rendered natively at HD resolutions , the PlayStation 3 offered , in addition to FHD gaming , HD movie playback via a built-in 3D Blu-ray Disc player , and the Wii focused on integrating controllers with movement sensors as well as joysticks .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Joining Nintendo in the motion market , Sony released the PlayStation Move in September 2010 .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	The PlayStation Move features motion sensing gaming , similar to that of the Wii .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Microsoft also joined Sony and Nintendo , with its Kinect .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Unlike the other two systems ( PlayStation 3 and Wii ) , Kinect does not use any controllers of any sort and makes the users the `` controller . ''	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Having sold 8 million units in its first 60 days on the market , Kinect has claimed the Guinness World Record of being the `` fastest selling consumer electronics device '' .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	While the Xbox 360 offers wired controllers as a standalone product , all PlayStation 3 controllers can be used in wired and wireless configurations .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Starting with handheld consoles , the seventh generation began on 21 November 2004 with the North American introduction of the Nintendo DS as a `` third pillar '' , alongside Nintendo 's existing Game Boy Advance and GameCube consoles .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	The Nintendo DS ( NDS ) features a touch screen and built-in microphone , and supports wireless IEEE 802.11 ( Wi-Fi ) standards .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Additionally , the revised version of the NDS , the DSi , features two built in cameras , the ability to download games from the DSi store , and a web browser .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	The PlayStation Portable , or PSP , released later the same year on 12 December 2004 , followed a different pattern .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	It became the first handheld video game console to use an optical disc format , Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) , as its primary storage media .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Sony also gave the PSP robust multi-media capability , connectivity with the PlayStation 3 and other PSPs , and Internet connectivity .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	The Nintendo DS likewise has connectivity to the internet through the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection and Nintendo DS Browser , as well as wireless connectivity to other DS systems and Wii consoles .	0
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best	Despite high sales numbers for both consoles , PlayStation Portable sales have consistently lagged behind those of the Nintendo DS ; nevertheless , the PlayStation Portable has the distinction of being the best-selling non-Nintendo handheld gaming system .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ( often shortened to Sgt . Pepper ) is the eighth studio album by English rock band the Beatles .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Released in June 1967 , the album included songs such as `` With a Little Help from My Friends `` , `` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds `` , and `` A Day in the Life `` .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Continuing the artistic maturation seen on the band 's album Revolver ( 1966 ) , Sgt . Pepper further departed from the conventional pop rock idiom of the time and incorporated balladry , psychedelic , music hall , and symphonic influences .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	During the Sgt . Pepper sessions , the group improved upon the quality of their music 's production while exploring experimental recording techniques .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Producer George Martin 's innovative approach included the use of an orchestra .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Widely acclaimed and imitated , the album cover , designed by English pop artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth , was inspired by a sketch by Paul McCartney that depicted the band posing in front of a collage of some of their favourite celebrities .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Sgt . Pepper was a worldwide critical and commercial success , spending 27 weeks at the top of the UK Album Chart and 15 weeks at number one on the US Billboard 200 .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	A seminal work in the emerging psychedelic rock style , the album was critically acclaimed upon release and won four Grammy Awards in 1968 .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	With an estimated 32 million copies sold , it is one of the world 's best selling albums .	0
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers	Sgt . Pepper is considered by many to be the most influential and famous rock album ever , and has been named the greatest album of all time by both All Time Top 1000 Albums and Rolling Stone .	0
what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do	The temporal lobe is a region of the cerebral cortex that is located beneath the lateral fissure on both cerebral hemispheres of the mammalian brain .	0
what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do	The temporal lobes are involved in the retention of visual memories , processing sensory input , comprehending language , storing new memories , emotion , and deriving meaning .	1
how many lungs does a human have	The human lungs are the organs of respiration in humans .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Humans have two lungs , a right lung and a left lung .	1
how many lungs does a human have	The right lung consists of three lobes while the left lung is slightly smaller consisting of only two lobes ( the left lung has a `` cardiac notch '' allowing space for the heart within the chest ) .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Together , the lungs contain approximately of airways and 300 to 500 million alveoli , having a total surface area of about ( ) in adults — roughly the same area as one side of a tennis court .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Furthermore , if all of the capillaries that surround the alveoli were unwound and laid end to end , they would extend for about .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Each lung weighs , therefore making the entire organ about .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Human lungs	0
how many lungs does a human have	The trachea divides into two bronchi ( one for each side ) at the level of T4 .	0
how many lungs does a human have	This junction is also known as the carina .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone contains the trachea , the bronchi , the bronchioles , and the terminal bronchioles The respiratory zone contains the respiratory bronchioles , the alveolar ducts , and the alveoli .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone and the respiratory stuffers ( but not the alveoli ) are made up of airways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone has no gas exchange with the blood , and is reinforced with cartilage in order to hold open the airways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone warms the air to and humidifies the air .	0
how many lungs does a human have	It also cleanses the air by removing particles via cilia located on the walls of all the passageways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The lungs are surrounded by the rib cage .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The respiratory zone is the site of gas exchange with blood .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The sympathetic nervous system via noradrenaline acting on the beta receptors causes bronchodilation .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The parasympathetic nervous system via acetylcholine , which acts on the M-3 muscarinic receptors , maintains the resting tone of the bronchiolar smooth muscle .	0
how many lungs does a human have	This action is related , although considered distinct from bronchoconstriction .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Many other non-autonomic nervous and biochemical stimuli , including carbon dioxide and oxygen , are also involved in the regulation process .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The pleural cavity is the potential space between the parietal pleura , lining the inner wall of the thoracic cage , and the visceral pleura lining the lungs .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The lung parenchyma is strictly used to refer solely to alveolar tissue with respiratory bronchioles , alveolar ducts and terminal bronchioles .	0
how many lungs does a human have	However , it often includes any form of lung tissue , also including bronchioles , bronchi , blood vessels and lung interstitium .	0
What a Margarita contains	The margarita is a Mexican cocktail consisting of tequila mixed with Cointreau or similar orange -flavoured liqueur and lime or lemon juice , often served with salt on the glass rim .	1
What a Margarita contains	It is the most common tequila-based cocktail in the United States .	0
What a Margarita contains	The drink is served shaken with ice ( on the rocks ) , blended with ice ( frozen margarita ) , or without ice ( straight up ) .	0
what color is burgundy	Two bottles of red Burgundy wine from Gevrey-Chambertin , Côtes de Nuits	0
what color is burgundy	Burgundy is a dark red color associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name , which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France .	1
what color is burgundy	The color burgundy is similar to other shades of dark red such as maroon .	1
what color is burgundy	When referring to the color , `` burgundy '' is usually not capitalized .	0
what color is burgundy	The first recorded use of `` burgundy '' as a color name in English was in 1881 .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Grave of an unknown British soldier , killed in 1943 during the Battle of Leros .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Because his identity is unknown , he is missing in action .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Grave of an unknown American soldier in Oise-Aisne Cemetery .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Killed in 1917	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Grave of an unknown paratrooper , killed in the Battle of Arnhem , 1944 .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Photographed in April 1945	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Graves of 11 unknown British soldiers killed during World War II , in Rhodes CWGC war cemetery	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Wall crypts containing remains of unknown Italian soldiers killed during World War II , in a Rhodes cemetery	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Some of the 72,000 names inscribed on the Thiepval Memorial to the Missing of the Somme	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Graves of unknown French soldiers killed during World War One .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Each concrete cross has a metal plaque bearing the word `` Inconnu '' i.e . `` Unknown ''	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Ossuary at the Gallipoli battlefield , containing the remains of 3000 unidentified French soldiers who died in 1915	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Graves of unknown Eritrean Ascaris killed in 1941 during the Battle of Keren	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Missing in action ( MIA ) is a casualty Category assigned under the Status of Missing to armed services personnel who are reported missing during active service .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	They may have been killed , wounded , become a prisoner of war , or deserted .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	If deceased , neither their remains nor grave can be positively identified .	0
how many british soldiers were missing	Becoming MIA has been an occupational risk for service personnel for as long as there has been warfare .	0
what is the population of center tx	Chamber of Commerce Building in Center .	0
what is the population of center tx	This building is the original jail , built along with the Historic Courthouse .	0
what is the population of center tx	Both sit on the Town Square .	0
what is the population of center tx	The Rio Theater in Center	0
what is the population of center tx	First Baptist Church at 117 Cora Street in Center is located next to the downtown section .	0
what is the population of center tx	First Christian Church at 124 Cora Street in Center is one of the oldest congregations in the community .	0
what is the population of center tx	Center is a city in Shelby County , Texas , United States .	0
what is the population of center tx	The population was 5,193 at the 2010 census .	1
what is the population of center tx	It is the county seat of Shelby County .	0
what is the population of center tx	It is named for its location near the center of Shelby County , not for its location in Texas as it is located near the Louisiana border .	0
what causes photo red eye	Intense red-eye effect in blue eyes with dilated pupil	0
what causes photo red eye	The red-eye effect in photography is the common appearance of red pupils in color photographs of eyes .	0
what causes photo red eye	It occurs when using a photographic flash very close to the camera lens ( as with most compact cameras ) , in ambient low light .	1
what causes photo red eye	The effect appears in the eyes of humans and animals that have tapetum lucidum .	0
what causes photo red eye	Theatrical followspot operators , positioned nearly coincidentally with a very bright light and somewhat distant from the actors , occasionally witness red-eye in actors on stage .	0
what causes photo red eye	The effect is not visible to the rest of the audience because it is reliant on the very small angle between the followspot operator and the light .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The University of California , Santa Barbara ( commonly referred to as UC Santa Barbara or UCSB ) is a public research university and one of the ten general campuses of the University of California system .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The main campus is located on a site in Goleta , California , United States , from Santa Barbara and northwest of Los Angeles .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	Tracing its roots back to 1891 as an independent teachers ' college , UCSB joined the University of California system in 1944 and is the third-oldest general-education campus in the system .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB is one of America 's Public Ivy universities , which recognizes top public research universities in the United States .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The university is a comprehensive doctoral university and is organized into five colleges and schools offering 87 undergraduate degrees and 55 graduate degrees .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The campus is the 6th-largest in the UC system by enrollment with 18,977 undergraduate and 2,950 graduate students .	1
how many students go to santa barbara	In 2012 , UCSB was ranked 41st among `` National Universities '' and 10th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The university was also ranked 35th worldwide by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 34th worldwide ( 6th worldwide for engineering ) by the Academic Ranking of World Universities in 2012. < ref name= '' Shanghairanking.com/FieldENG2012 '' >	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UC Santa Barbara is a `` very high activity '' research university and spent $ 191.2 million on research expenditures in the 2007 fiscal year , 97th-largest in the United States .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB houses twelve national research centers , including the renowned Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB faculty includes five Nobel Prize laureates , one Fields Medalist , 29 members of the National Academy of Sciences , 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering , and 31 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB was the No . 3 host on the ARPAnet and was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1995 .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The UC Santa Barbara Gauchos compete in the NCAA Division I Big West Conference .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The Gauchos have won NCAA national championships in men 's soccer and men 's water polo .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph with the Infant Jesus by Guido Reni	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph 's Day , March 19 , the Feast of St. Joseph is in Western Christianity the principal feast day of Saint Joseph , Spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary .	1
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	He is also the step-father of Jesus of Nazareth /Jesus Christ .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It has the rank of a solemnity in the Roman Catholic Church ; Catholics who follow the Missal of 1962 celebrate it as a first class feast .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Previous to 1962 it was celebrated as a feast of the rank of double of the first class .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is a feast or commemoration in the provinces of the Anglican Communion , and a feast or festival in the Lutheran Church .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph 's Day is the Patronal Feast day for Poland as well as for Canada , persons named Joseph , Josephine , etc. , for religious institutes , schools and parishes bearing his name , and for carpenters .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is also Father 's Day in some Catholic countries , mainly Spain , Portugal , and Italy .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	March 19 was dedicated to Saint Joseph in several Western calendars by the tenth century , and this custom was established in Rome by 1479 .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Pope St. Pius V extended its use to the entire Roman Rite by his Apostolic Constitution Quo Primum ( July 14 , 1570 ) .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Since 1969 , Episcopal Conferences may , if they wish , transfer it to a date outside Lent .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Between 1870 and 1955 , a feast was celebrated in honor of St. Joseph as Spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Patron of the Universal Church , the latter title having been given to him by Pope Pius IX .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Originally celebrated on the third Sunday after Easter with an octave , after Divino Afflatu of St. Pius X ( see Reform of the Roman Breviary by Pope Pius X ) , it was moved to the preceding Wednesday .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The feast was also retitled The Solemnity of Saint Joseph .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	This celebration and its accompanying octave was abolished during the modernisation and simplification of rubrics under Pope Pius XII in 1955 .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is still maintained by Catholics who follow the missal of 1962 or earlier missals .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	As the traditional holiday of the Apostles Ss . Philip and James , May 1 , had faded from the memory of most Catholics by the mid-twentieth century , that of Joseph the Worker was created in order to coincide with the celebration of international Labour Day ( May Day ) in many countries .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The feast of Ss . Philip and James , which had been celebrated on that date since the sixth century , was moved from its traditional place .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	In the new calendar published in 1969 , the feast , which at one time occupied the highest possible rank in the Church calendar , was reduced to an optional Memorial , the lowest rank for a saint 's day .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The Eastern Orthodox Church celebrates Saint Joseph on the Sunday after Christmas .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Mariah Carey ( born March 27 , 1970 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , actress , and philanthropist .	1
what culture is mariah carey	Under the guidance of Columbia Records executive Tommy Mottola , Carey released her self-titled debut studio album Mariah Carey in 1990 ; it went multi-platinum and spawned four consecutive number one singles on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Following her marriage to Mottola in 1993 and success with hit records Emotions ( 1991 ) , Music Box ( 1993 ) , and Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) , Carey was established as Columbia 's highest-selling act .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Daydream ( 1995 ) made music history when its second single `` One Sweet Day `` , a duet with Boyz II Men , spent a record sixteen weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100 , and remains the longest-running number-one song in U.S. chart history .	0
what culture is mariah carey	During the recording of the album , Carey began to deviate from her R & B and pop beginnings and slowly traversed into hip hop .	0
what culture is mariah carey	This musical change became evident with the release of Butterfly ( 1997 ) , at which time Carey had separated from Mottola .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey left Columbia in 2000 , and signed a record-breaking $ 100 million recording contract with Virgin Records .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Before the release of her first feature film Glitter ( 2001 ) , she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Following the film 's poor reception , she was bought out of her recording contract for $ 50 million , which led to a decline in her career .	0
what culture is mariah carey	She signed a multi-million dollar contract deal with Island Records in 2002 , and after an unsuccessful period , returned to the top of music charts with The Emancipation of Mimi ( 2005 ) .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Its second single `` We Belong Together `` became her most successful single of the 2000s , and was later named `` Song of the Decade '' by Billboard .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey once again ventured into film with a well-received starring role in ( 2009 ) ; she was awarded the `` Breakthrough Performance Award '' at the Palm Springs International Film Festival , and Black Reel and NAACP Image Award nominations .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In a career spanning over two decades , Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide , making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In 1998 , she was honored as the world 's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s at the World Music Awards .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey was also named the best-selling female artist of the millennium in 2000 .	0
what culture is mariah carey	According to the Recording Industry Association of America , she is the third best-selling female artist in the United States , with 63.5 million certified albums .	0
what culture is mariah carey	With the release of `` Touch My Body `` ( 2008 ) , Carey gained her eighteenth number one single in the United States , more than any other solo artist .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In 2012 , Carey was ranked second on VH1 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Aside from her commercial accomplishments , Carey has won five Grammy Awards , 17 World Music Awards , 11 American Music Awards , and 31 Billboard Music Awards .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she is famed for her five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .	0
what do bumble bees do	A bumblebee is any member of the bee genus Bombus , in the family Apidae .	0
what do bumble bees do	There are over 250 known species , existing primarily in the Northern Hemisphere although they also occur in South America .	0
what do bumble bees do	They have been introduced to New Zealand and the Australian state of Tasmania .	0
what do bumble bees do	Bumblebees are social insects that are characterised by black and yellow body hairs , often in bands .	0
what do bumble bees do	However , some species have orange or red on their bodies , or may be entirely black .	0
what do bumble bees do	Another obvious ( but not unique ) characteristic is the soft nature of the hair ( long , branched setae ) , called pile , that covers their entire body , making them appear and feel fuzzy .	0
what do bumble bees do	They are best distinguished from similarly large , fuzzy bees by the form of the female hind leg , which is modified to form a corbicula : a shiny concave surface that is bare , but surrounded by a fringe of hairs used to transport pollen ( in similar bees , the hind leg is completely hairy , and pollen grains are wedged into the hairs for transport ) .	0
what do bumble bees do	Like their relatives the honey bees , bumblebees feed on nectar and gather pollen to feed their young .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	A man openly carrying a handgun in a Burger King in Eagle , Colorado .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	In the United States , open carry is shorthand terminology for `` openly carrying a firearm in public '' , as distinguished from concealed carry , where firearms can not be seen by the casual observer .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	The practice of open carry , where gun owners openly carry firearms while they go about their daily business , has seen an increase in the U.S. in recent years .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	This has been marked by a number of organized events intended to increase the visibility of open carry and public awareness about the practice .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	Proponents of open carry point to history and statistics , noting that criminals usually conceal their weapons .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	Encouraged by groups like OpenCarry.org , GeorgiaCarry.org and some participants of the Free State Project , open carry has seen a revival in recent years , but it is not yet clear if this represents just a short-term trend .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	The gun rights community has been mixed in its response .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	Alan Gottlieb of the Second Amendment Foundation and the NRA have been cautious in expressing support , while special-interest groups such as the aforementioned OpenCarry.org and GeorgiaCarry.org , and certain national groups such as the Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) have been more outspoken in favor of the practice .	0
how many states have open carry gun laws	Open carry is strongly opposed by gun control groups such as the Brady Campaign and the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	The Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant in France .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	France produces around three quarters of its electricity by nuclear power .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	The Grafenrheinfeld Nuclear Power Plant in Germany .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition announced on May 30 , 2011 , that Germany’s 17 nuclear power stations will be shut down by 2022 , in a policy reversal following Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	Currently , 68 reactors are under construction in 15 countries .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	Nuclear power stations operate in thirty countries .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	In 2010 , before the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , it was reported that an average of about 10 nuclear reactors were expected to become operational per year , although according to the World Nuclear Association , of the 17 civilian reactors planned to become operational between 2007 and 2009 , only five actually came on stream .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	As of June 2011 , Germany and Switzerland are phasing-out nuclear power .	0
what country does not have nuclear plants	As of June 2011 , countries such as Australia , Austria , Denmark , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , Malaysia , Malta , New Zealand , Norway and Portugal remain opposed to nuclear power .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Color motion picture film refers both to unexposed color photographic film in a format suitable for use in a motion picture camera , and to finished motion picture film , ready for use in a projector , which bears images in color .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	The first color cinematography was by means of additive color systems such as the one patented in England by Edward Raymond Turner in 1899 and tested in 1902 .	1
how was color introduced in film ?	A simplified additive system was developed by George Albert Smith and successfully commercialized in 1909 as Kinemacolor .	1
how was color introduced in film ?	These early systems used black-and-white film to photograph and project two or more component images through different color filters .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Still from footage recorded by Edward Turner in 1902	0
how was color introduced in film ?	With the present-day technology , there are two distinct processes : Eastman Color Negative 2 chemistry ( camera negative stocks , duplicating interpositive and internegative stocks ) and Eastman Color Positive 2 chemistry ( positive prints for direct projection ) , usually abbreviated as ECN-2 and ECP-2 .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Fuji 's products are compatible with ECN-2 and ECP-2 .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas ( born October 13 , 1980 ) is an American singer-songwriter , record producer , and actress .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti is most famous for her eponymous debut album , which featured the hit song `` Foolish `` , and sold over 503,000 copies in its first week of release throughout the U.S. in April 2002 .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	The album set a Soundscan record as the biggest opening week sales for a new female artist , outselling debuts by Alicia Keys and Lauryn Hill .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	In the same week , she became the first female performer to simultaneously hold the top two places on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with `` Foolish '' , and `` What 's Luv ? ``	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	( with Fat Joe ) .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti broke records again by having three top ten songs , `` Foolish , '' `` What 's Luv ? '' and `` Always on Time `` , on the Billboard Hot 100 charts in the same week , being the first woman to accomplish this feat and being second only to the Beatles .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	In 2003 , the self-titled debut album won Ashanti her first Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R & B album .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	As of April 1st 2013 , Ashanti has sold over 27.7 million records worldwide .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti ended the decade ( 2000–09 ) as the third top new R & B artist behind Alicia Keys and Beyoncé .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She also ended the decade at number 38 on the Top Artist of the Decade list .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She is currently on the list of The Twenty Best Selling Music Singles Since 1990 for her single Foolish for selling 7.2 million copies to-date .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti has an estimated net worth of $ 40 million dollars [ USD ] .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti wrote and sang background on Jennifer Lopez 's `` Ai n't It Funny ( Murder Remix ) `` , which reached number one on Billboard Hot 100 , which was also in the top 10 chart at the same time as `` Foolish '' , `` Always on Time '' ( with Ja Rule ) , and `` What 's Luv '' ( with Fat Joe ) .	1
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Later that year , she was acclaimed as the `` Princess Of Hip-Hop & R & B '' by her label and capped off her successful debut by winning eight Billboard awards and two American Music Awards .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Within seven years of Ashanti 's career , she has scored 16 top 40 hits on the Hot 100 .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti has endorsed numerous products including Gap , Herbal Essences and Mudd Jeans .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti cites Whitney Houston , Janet Jackson , Prince , Madonna , Tupac Shakur , Mary J. Blige , Ella Fitzgerald , Smokey Robinson , Donna Summer , and Blue Magic as her musical influences .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Praised as a gifted songwriter by her peers and critics alike , Ashanti has written/co-written the bulk of all her music .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She is currently working on her own publishing company entitled Written Entertainment .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She released her fourth studio album entitled The Declaration on June 3 , 2008 and is currently in the studio working on her fifth .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She also performed the charity tune `` Just Stand Up `` alongside 15 other female singers for the `` Stand Up to Cancer '' live television special which helped raise $ 100 million dollars for cancer research .	0
what came first army or air force	The United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF or AAF ) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II , and the direct predecessor of the United States Air Force .	0
what came first army or air force	The AAF was a component of the United States Army , which in 1942 was divided functionally by executive order into three autonomous forces : the Army Ground Forces , the Services of Supply ( which in 1943 became the Army Service Forces ) , and the AAF .	1
what came first army or air force	Each of these forces had a commanding general who reported directly to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army .	0
what came first army or air force	The AAF administered all parts of military aviation formerly distributed among the Army Air Corps , General Headquarters Air Force , and ground forces corps area commanders , and thus became the first air organization of the U.S. Army to control its own installations and support personnel .	0
what came first army or air force	In practice , the AAF was virtually autonomous inside the Army .	0
what came first army or air force	The peak size of the AAF was over 2.4 million men and women in service and nearly 80,000 aircraft in 1944 , and 783 domestic bases in December 1943 .	0
what came first army or air force	By VE Day it had 1.25 million men stationed overseas and operated from more than 1,600 airfields worldwide .	0
what came first army or air force	The Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently , and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force .	0
what came first army or air force	Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy ( such as the British Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe ) , the AAF remained a part of the United States Army until the United States Air Force came into being in September 1947 .	0
what came first army or air force	However , in its expansion and conduct of the war , the AAF became more than just an arm of the greater organization .	0
what came first army or air force	By the end of World War II the AAF had become virtually an independent service .	0
what came first army or air force	By regulation and executive order , the AAF was a subordinate agency of the War Department tasked only with organizing , training , and equipping combat units , limited in responsibility to the continental United States , as were the Army Ground Forces and the Army Service Forces .	0
what came first army or air force	In reality , Headquarters AAF controlled the conduct of all aspects of the air war in every part of the world , determining air policy and issuing orders without transmitting them through the Chief of Staff .	0
what came first army or air force	This `` contrast between theory and fact is ... fundamental to an understanding of the AAF . ''	0
what does the FOIA apply to	The Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) is a federal freedom of information law that allows for the full or partial disclosure of previously unreleased information and documents controlled by the United States government .	1
what does the FOIA apply to	The Act defines agency records subject to disclosure , outlines mandatory disclosure procedures and grants nine exemptions to the statute .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	It was originally signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson , despite his misgivings , on July 4 , 1966 as and went into effect the following year .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	The Federal Government 's Freedom of Information Act should not be confused with the different and varying Freedom of Information Acts passed by the individual states .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	Many of those state acts may be similar but not identical to the federal act .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The European Union ( EU ) is an economic and political union of 27 member states that are located primarily in Europe .	1
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU operates through a system of supranational independent institutions and intergovernmental negotiated decisions by the member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Institutions of the EU include the European Commission , the Council of the European Union , the European Council , the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank , the Court of Auditors , and the European Parliament .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The European Parliament is elected every five years by EU citizens .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU 's de facto capital is Brussels .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU traces its origins from the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) and the European Economic Community ( EEC ) , formed by the Inner Six countries in 1951 and 1958 respectively .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	In the intervening years the community and its successors have grown in size by the accession of new member states and in power by the addition of policy areas to its remit .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The Maastricht Treaty established the European Union under its current name in 1993 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The latest major amendment to the constitutional basis of the EU , the Treaty of Lisbon , came into force in 2009 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU has developed a single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Within the Schengen Area ( which includes 22 EU and 4 non-EU states ) passport controls have been abolished .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people , goods , services , and capital , enact legislation in justice and home affairs , and maintain common policies on trade , agriculture , fisheries and regional development .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	A monetary union , the eurozone , was established in 1999 and is composed of 17 member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Through the Common Foreign and Security Policy the EU has developed a role in external relations and defence .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Permanent diplomatic missions have been established around the world .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU is represented at the United Nations , the WTO , the G8 and the G-20 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	With a combined population of over 500 million inhabitants , or 7.3 % of the world population , the EU , in 2012 , generated a nominal gross domestic product ( GDP ) of 16.584 trillion US dollars , representing approximately 20 % of the global GDP when measured in terms of purchasing power parity , and represents the largest nominal GDP and GDP PPP in the world .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU was the recipient of the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize .	0
how many whales are in the world	The Wales national rugby league team represent Wales in international rugby league football matches .	0
how many whales are in the world	Currently the team is seventh in the RLIF World Rankings .	0
how many whales are in the world	The team were run under the auspices of the Rugby Football League , but an independent body , Wales Rugby League , now runs the team from Cardiff .	0
how many whales are in the world	A total of three Welsh players have been entered into the Rugby League Hall Of Fame .	0
how many whales are in the world	Similar to many other Welsh national sporting teams , Wales strip has been primarily red for many years , including now .	0
how many whales are in the world	However in their last World Cup campaign in 2000 they did wear a shirt featuring the Welsh flag , adding a touch of green and white .	0
how many whales are in the world	The team is known as `` The Dragons '' and so the teams logo on the shirt is a red dragon .	0
how many whales are in the world	The team date back to 1907 , making them the third oldest national side after England and New Zealand .	0
how many whales are in the world	And it was a touring New Zealand side that Wales first played against in 1908 , winning 9-8 at Aberdare .	0
how many whales are in the world	Since then Wales have regularly played England , since 1935 France , as well as welcomed the touring Australia and New Zealand teams , although they rarely toured themselves , not playing a match in the Southern Hemisphere until 1975 .	0
how many whales are in the world	For twenty-six years Wales competed against their two biggest rivals , England and France , in the European Nations Cup , winning the trophy four times .	0
how many whales are in the world	Wales have also competed in the World Cup on three occasions , the first time being in 1975 .	0
how many whales are in the world	In 1995 and 2000 they had their most successful tournaments to date , surprisingly making the Semi-Finals on both occasions before being beaten by England and Australia respectively .	0
how many whales are in the world	Wales failed to qualify for the 2008 World Cup , being the second highest ranked side not to do so , having lost to Scotland on points difference over two matches .	0
how many whales are in the world	In 2008 Australian John Dixon became the new head coach and appointed Lee Briers as captain , having played for Wales since 1998 .	0
how many whales are in the world	In recent seasons Wales have taken massive strides under former player Iestyn Harris who has coached Wales to back to back European Cup successes , which culminated in a Four Nations appearance in 2011 .	0
what causes cardiomyopathy	Cardiomyopathy ( literally `` heart muscle disease '' ) is the measurable deterioration of the function of the myocardium ( the heart muscle ) for any reason , usually leading to heart failure ; common symptoms are dyspnea ( breathlessness ) and peripheral edema ( swelling of the legs ) .	0
what causes cardiomyopathy	People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of dangerous forms of irregular heart beat and sudden cardiac death .	0
what causes cardiomyopathy	The most common form of cardiomyopathy is dilated cardiomyopathy .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	Fuck in its literal meaning refers to the act of sexual intercourse .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	It is an English word that is often used as a profanity , either to denote disdain or as an intensifier .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	The origin of the word is obscure .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	It is usually considered to be first attested to around 1475 , but it may be considerably older .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	In modern usage , fuck and its derivatives ( such as fucker and fucking ) can be used in the position of a noun , a verb , an adjective or an adverb .	0
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?	There are many common phrases which make use of the word , as well as a number of compounds incorporating it , such as motherfucker .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Note : this article adopts the U.S. Department of Transportation 's definition of a passenger vehicle , to mean a car or truck , used for passengers , excluding buses and trains .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The United States is home to the largest passenger vehicle market of any country in the world .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Overall , there were an estimated 254.4 million registered passenger vehicles in the United States according to a 2007 DOT study .	1
how many vehicles are registered in the us	This number , along with the average age of vehicles , has increased steadily since 1960 , indicating a growing number of vehicles per capita .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The Chinese car market , however , is poised to soon exceed the United States ; by the end of 2012 , there were over 240 million cars on the road in China .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The United States is also home to three large vehicle manufacturers : General Motors , Ford Motor Company and Chrysler , which have historically been referred to as the `` Big Three . ''	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Chrysler however is no longer among the top three ; but is number five , behind Toyota and Honda .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The motor car has clearly become an integral part of American life , with vehicles outnumbering licensed drivers .	0
what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of	Clinical laboratory in a Hospital setting showing several automated analysers .	0
what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of	A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on clinical specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient as pertaining to the diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of disease .	1
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	In poker , players construct hands of five cards according to predetermined rules , which vary according to which variant of poker is being played .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	These hands are compared using a hand ranking system that is standard across all variants of poker , the player with the highest-ranking hand winning that particular deal in most variants of poker .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	In some variants , the lowest-ranking hand can win or tie .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	These hand rankings are also used in some other card games , and in poker dice .	1
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	The ranking of a particular hand is increased by including multiple cards of the same card rank , by all five cards being from the same suit , or by all five cards being of consecutive rank .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	The relative ranking of the various hand categories is based on the probability of being randomly dealt such a hand from a well- shuffled deck .	0
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover	Bruce Randall Hornsby ( born November 23 , 1954 ) is an American virtuoso ; a singer , pianist , synthesizer , accordion , and dulcimer player , and songwriter .	0
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover	Known for the spontaneity and creativity of his live performances , Hornsby draws frequently from classical , jazz , bluegrass , folk , Motown , gospel , rock , blues , and jam band musical traditions with his songwriting and the seamless improvisations contained within .	0
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover	Hornsby 's recordings have been recognised on a number of occasions with industry awards , including the Best New Artist Grammy in 1987 with Bruce Hornsby and the Range , the Best Bluegrass Recording Grammy in 1990 , and the Best Pop Instrumental Grammy in 1993 .	0
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover	Hornsby has also achieved recognition for his solo albums and performances , his touring band Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers , his bluegrass project with Ricky Skaggs and his appearances as a session- and guest-musician .	0
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover	He also collaborated with Grateful Dead and was a member of the band from September 1990 to March 1992 , playing at over one hundred shows during that period .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	Sugarcane plantation in rural Cuba	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	Agriculture in Cuba has played an important part in the economy for several hundred years .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	Agriculture contributes less than 10 percent to the gross domestic product ( GDP ) , but it employs roughly 20 percent of the working population .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	About 30 percent of the country 's land is used for crop cultivation .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	The inefficient agricultural industry in Cuba has led to the need to import large amounts of foods .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	Cuba now imports about 80 % of the food it rations to the public .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	The rationing program accounts for about a third of the food energy the average Cuban consumes .	0
what kind of citrus comes from cuba	Overall , however , Cuba is dependent on imports for only 16 % of its food .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	right	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Mega Millions ( initially called The Big Game Mega Millions as the successor of The Big Game ) is an American multi-jurisdictional $ 1 lottery game .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	The first ( The Big Game ) Mega Millions drawing was in 2002 ( see below ) .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	The minimum Mega Millions advertised jackpot is $ 12,000,000 , paid in 26 equal yearly installments ( unless the cash option is chosen ) ; usually , the jackpot increases when there is no top-prize winner .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	However , despite no jackpot winner for the $ 12,000,000 December 18 , 2012 drawing , the jackpot remained at $ 12,000,000 for the drawing to be held on December 21 .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	( See below for information on how the game 's jackpot is funded . )	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Reflecting common practice among American lotteries , the jackpot is advertised as a nominal value of annual installments .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	A cash value option ( the usual choice ) , when chosen by a jackpot winner ( see below ) , pays the approximate present value of the installments .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Mega Millions currently uses a 5/56 ( white balls ) plus 1/46 ( the Mega Ball ) double matrix to select its winning numbers .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Each game costs $ 1 .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	In 43 of the 44 Mega Millions jurisdictions ( California is the exception ) , there is an option , called Megaplier ( such games are $ 2 each ) where non-jackpot prizes are multiplied by 2 , 3 , or 4 .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	The Megaplier was made available to all Mega Millions jurisdictions in January 2011 ; it began as a Texas -only option .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Mega Millions is drawn at 10:59 p.m. Eastern time Tuesdays and Fridays , including holidays .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	Mega Millions is administered by a consortium of its 12 original lotteries and the drawings are held at WSB-TV in Atlanta , Georgia .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	supervised by the Georgia Lottery .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	The largest jackpot in Mega Millions , as well as in American lottery history , was $ 656,000,000 annuitized ( with a cash option of $ 474,000,000 ) for the March 30 , 2012 drawing in which there were three jackpot-winning tickets ; one each in Illinois , Kansas , and Maryland .	0
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing	All three tickets had been claimed as of April 18 , with each set of winners choosing the cash option .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	is a Japanese manga series created by writer Tsugumi Ohba and manga artist Takeshi Obata .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The main character is Light Yagami , a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook , the `` Death Note '' , dropped on Earth by a shinigami ( a god of death ) named Ryuk .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The Death Note grants its user the ability to kill anyone whose name and face they know , by writing the name in the notebook while picturing their face .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The series centers around Light 's attempt to create and rule a world `` cleansed of evil '' as `` God '' using the notebook , and the efforts of a detective known as L to stop him .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Death Note was first serialized in 108 chapters by Shueisha in the Japanese manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from December 2003 to May 2006 .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The series was also published in tankōbon format in Japan starting in May 2004 and ending in October 2006 with a total of thirteen volumes .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The anime series aired in Japan from October 3 , 2006 , to June 26 , 2007 .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Composed of 37 episodes , the anime was developed by Madhouse and directed by Tetsuro Araki .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	A light novel based on the series , written by Nisio Isin , was released in Japan .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Additionally , various video games have been published by Konami for Nintendo DS .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The series was adapted into live-action films released in Japan on June 17 , 2006 , November 3 , 2006 , and February 2 , 2008 .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Viz Media licensed the Death Note manga in North America and has published all the twelve volumes from the series , a 13th volume which serves as a `` reader 's guide '' , as well as the light novels .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The episodes from the anime first appeared in North America as downloadable by IGN .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Viz later licensed the anime series and it aired on Bionix in Canada and on Cartoon Network in the United States .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	The live-action films briefly played in certain North American theaters since 2008 .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	However , none of the video games have thus far been published in North America or Europe .	0
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note	Death Note is one of Weekly Shōnen Jumps best-selling manga series of all time , with sales over 26.5 million copies .	0
what does japan call their halloween	Halloween or Hallowe'en ( a contraction of `` All Hallows ' Evening `` ) , also known as All Hallows ' Eve , is a yearly celebration observed in a number of countries on October 31 , the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows ( or All Saints ) and the day initiating the triduum of Hallowmas .	0
what does japan call their halloween	According to many scholars , All Hallows ' Eve is a Christianised feast originally influenced by western European harvest festivals , and festivals of the dead with possible pagan roots , particularly the Celtic Samhain .	0
what does japan call their halloween	Other scholars maintain that it originated independently of Samhain and has solely Christian roots .	0
what does japan call their halloween	Typical festive Halloween activities include trick-or-treating ( also known as `` guising `` ) , attending costume parties , carving pumpkins into jack-o'-lanterns , lighting bonfires , apple bobbing , visiting haunted attractions , playing pranks , telling scary stories , and watching horror films .	0
how many taxis in NY	New York City taxicabs during Midtown rush hour in Manhattan	0
how many taxis in NY	The taxicabs of New York City , with their distinctive yellow paint , are a widely recognized icon of the city .	0
how many taxis in NY	Taxicabs are operated by private companies and licensed by the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission ( TLC ) .	0
how many taxis in NY	It also oversees over 40,000 other for-hire vehicles , including `` black cars '' , commuter vans and ambulettes .	0
how many taxis in NY	`` Medallion taxis , '' the familiar yellow cabs , are the only vehicles in the city permitted to pick up passengers in response to a street hail .	0
what does xylem transport	Schematic cross section of part of leaf , xylem shown as red circles at figure 8 .	0
what does xylem transport	Xylem is one of the two types of transport tissue in vascular plants ( phloem is the other ) .	0
what does xylem transport	The word xylem is derived from the Greek word ξύλον ( xylon ) , meaning `` wood '' ; the best-known xylem tissue is wood , though it is found throughout the plant .	0
what does xylem transport	Its basic function is to transport water , but it also transports some nutrients through the plant .	1
how many countries do not allow women to vote	U.S. women suffragists demonstrating for the right to vote , February 1913 .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Women 's suffrage also known as woman suffrage is the right of women to vote and to run for office .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Limited voting rights were gained by women in Sweden , Finland and some western U.S. states in the late 19th century .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	International organizations were formed to coordinate efforts , especially the International Council of Women ( 1888 ) and the International Woman Suffrage Alliance ( 1904 ) .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	In 1893 , New Zealand , then a self-governing British colony , granted adult women the right to vote and the self-governing British colony of South Australia did the same in 1895 , but also permitted women to run for office .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Australia federated in 1901 , and women acquired the right to vote and stand in federal elections from 1902 , though uneven restrictions on Aboriginal women voting in national elections were not completely removed until 1962 .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	The first European country to introduce women 's suffrage was the Grand Duchy of Finland , then part of the Russian Empire , which also produced the world 's first female members of parliament in the 1907 parliamentary elections .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Norway followed , granting full women 's suffrage in 1913 .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	In most Western countries , women 's suffrage came after World I War I I , with some important late adopters being France in 1944 and Switzerland in 1971 .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Women 's suffrage has generally been recognized after political campaigns to obtain it were waged .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	In many countries it was granted before universal suffrage .	0
how many countries do not allow women to vote	Women 's suffrage is explicitly stated as a right under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , adopted by the United Nations in 1979 .	0
how did john the dig die thirteenth tale	The Thirteenth Tale ( 2006 ) by Diane Setterfield is a gothic suspense novel , the author 's first published book .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses is a millenarian restorationist Christian denomination with nontrinitarian beliefs distinct from mainstream Christianity .Sources for descriptors : • Millenarian : • Restorationist : • Christian : • Denomination : The organization reports worldwide membership of over 7.78 million adherents involved in evangelism , convention attendance of over 12 million , and annual Memorial attendance of over 19 million .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They are directed by the Governing Body of Jehovah 's Witnesses , a group of elders in Brooklyn , New York , that establishes all doctrines .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses ' beliefs are based on their interpretations of the Bible and they prefer to use their own translation , the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .	1
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They believe that the destruction of the present world system at Armageddon is imminent , and that the establishment of God 's kingdom on earth is the only solution for all problems faced by mankind .	1
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The group emerged from the Bible Student movement —founded in the late 1870s by Charles Taze Russell with the formation of Zion 's Watch Tower Tract Society —with significant organizational and doctrinal changes under the leadership of Joseph Franklin Rutherford .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The name Jehovah 's witnesses , based on Isaiah 43:10–12 , was adopted in 1931 to distinguish themselves from other Bible Student groups and symbolize a break with the legacy of Russell 's traditions .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses are best known for their door-to-door preaching , distributing literature such as The Watchtower and Awake !	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	, and refusing military service and blood transfusions .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They consider use of the name Jehovah vital for proper worship .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They reject Trinitarianism , inherent immortality of the soul , and hellfire , which they consider to be unscriptural doctrines .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They do not observe Christmas , Easter , birthdays , or other holidays and customs they consider to have pagan origins incompatible with Christianity .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Adherents commonly refer to their body of beliefs as `` the truth '' and consider themselves to be `` in the truth '' .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They consider secular society to be morally corrupt and under the influence of Satan , and most limit their social interaction with non-Witnesses .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Congregational disciplinary actions include disfellowshipping , their term for formal expulsion and shunning .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Baptized individuals who formally leave are considered disassociated and are also shunned .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Disfellowshipped and disassociated individuals may eventually be reinstated if deemed repentant .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The religion 's position regarding conscientious objection to military service and refusal to salute national flags has brought it into conflict with some governments .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Consequently , Jehovah 's Witnesses have been persecuted and their activities are banned or restricted in some countries .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Persistent legal challenges by Jehovah 's Witnesses have influenced legislation related to civil rights in several countries .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	Last Tango in Paris ( ) is a 1972 Franco-Italian romantic Drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci which portrays a recent American widower who begins an anonymous sexual relationship with a young , betrothed Parisian woman .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	It stars Marlon Brando , Maria Schneider , and Jean-Pierre Léaud .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	The film 's raw portrayal of sexual violence and emotional turmoil led to international controversy and drew various levels of government censorship .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	The MPAA gave the film an X rating upon release in the United States .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	After revisions were made to the MPAA ratings code , it was classified as an NC-17 in 1997 .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	MGM released a censored R-rated cut in 1981 .	0
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS	The film has its NC-17 rating for `` some explicit sexual content . ''	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP is an operating system produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers , including home and business desktops , laptops and media centers .	0
how old old is xp operating system	First released to computer manufacturers on August 24 , 2001 , it is the second most popular version of Windows , based on installed user base .	0
how old old is xp operating system	The name `` XP '' is short for `` eXPerience '' , highlighting the enhanced user experience .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP , the successor to Windows 2000 and Windows ME , was the first consumer-oriented operating system produced by Microsoft to be built on the Windows NT kernel .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP was released worldwide for retail sale on October 25 , 2001 , and over 400 million copies were in use in January 2006 .	1
how old old is xp operating system	It was succeeded by Windows Vista in January 2007 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Direct OEM and retail sales of Windows XP ceased on June 30 , 2008 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Microsoft continued to sell Windows XP through their System Builders ( smaller OEMs who sell assembled computers ) program until January 31 , 2009 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	On April 10 , 2012 , Microsoft reaffirmed that extended support for Windows XP and Office 2003 would end on April 8 , 2014 and suggested that administrators begin preparing to migrate to a newer OS .	0
how old old is xp operating system	The NT -based versions of Windows , which are programmed in C , C++ , and assembly , are known for their improved stability and efficiency over the 9x versions of Microsoft Windows .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP presented a significantly redesigned graphical user interface , a change Microsoft promoted as more user-friendly than previous versions of Windows .	0
how old old is xp operating system	In an attempt to further ameliorate the `` DLL hell `` that plagued the past versions of Windows , improved side-by-side assembly technology in Windows XP allows side-by-side installation , registration and servicing of multiple versions of globally shared software components in full isolation .	0
how old old is xp operating system	It is also the first version of Windows to use product activation to combat illegal copying .	0
how old old is xp operating system	During Windows XP 's development , the project was codenamed `` Whistler '' , after Whistler , British Columbia , as many Microsoft employees skied at the Whistler-Blackcomb ski resort .	0
how old old is xp operating system	According to web analytics data generated by Net Applications , Windows XP was the most widely used operating system until August 2012 , when Windows 7 overtook it .	0
how old old is xp operating system	, Windows XP market share is at 38.99 % , having decreased almost every month since at least November 2007 , the first month for which statistics are publicly available from Net Applications .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	`` Por una Cabeza '' is an Argentine tango with music and lyrics written in 1935 by Carlos Gardel and Alfredo Le Pera respectively .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	The name is a Spanish horse-racing phrase meaning `` by a head '' , which refers to a horse winning a race by the length of one head .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	The lyrics speak of a compulsive horse-track gambler who compares his addiction for horses with his attraction to women .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Alfredo Le Pera was a Brazilian from São Paulo , a much Italian-influenced area in Brazil , and also the birthplace of Zequinha de Abreu , composer of Tico-Tico no Fubá .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Le Pera and Gardel died in an airplane crash in Medellín , ( Colombia ) , on June 24 , 1935 .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Por una Cabeza	0
what does por una cabeza mean	The tango has since been performed by numerous tango orchestras .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Tango scenes with `` Por una Cabeza '' appear in Delicatessen ( 1991 ) , Scent of a Woman ( 1992 ) , Schindler 's List ( 1993 ) , True Lies ( 1994 ) , Titanic ( 1996 ) , Bad Santa ( Uncut Version , 2003 ) , All the King 's Men ( 2006 ) , Planet 51 ( 2009 ) , episode 37 of Nip/Tuck ( 2003–2010 ) , episode 9 of South Korean drama series Sweet Spy ( 2005–08 ) , the beginning and ending credits of the South Korean drama broadcast I 'm Sorry , I Love You ( 2004 ) , and the episode `` Down the Rabbit Hole `` ( 2007 ) .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	In the movie Frida ( Salma Hayek , 2002 ) , Gardel is heard singing it on a radio .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	It is also quoted in David Del Tredici 's `` Good News !	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Nilda is Back '' ( from the song cycle Miz Inez Sez ) .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	In Scent of a Woman ( 1992 ) , the tango is performed by the `` The Tango Project '' , who actually appear in the dancing scene starring Al Pacino ( the recording used is available on one of their CD albums ) .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	John Williams arranged a version of the piece that appears on the album `` Cinema Serenade '' with the violin solo performed by Itzhak Perlman .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	Perlman and Williams ( conducting ) have also performed the piece together in live concerts .	0
what does por una cabeza mean	In 2012 a dance version was released by the group `` Da Carrera '' featuring the original vocal recording by Carlos Gardel .	0
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated	The baroreflex or baroreceptor reflex is one of the body 's homeostatic mechanisms for maintaining blood pressure .	0
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated	It provides a negative feedback loop in which an elevated blood pressure reflexively causes heart rate to decrease therefore causing blood pressure to decrease ; likewise , decreased blood pressure activates the baroreflex , causing heart rate to increase thus causing an increase in blood pressure .	0
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated	The system relies on specialized neurons , known as baroreceptors , in the aortic arch , carotid sinuses , and elsewhere to monitor changes in blood pressure and relay them to the brainstem .	0
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated	Subsequent changes in blood pressure are mediated by the autonomic nervous system .	0
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated	Atrial natriuretic peptide forms a parallel negative feedback loop in an endocrinological contrast to the renin-angiotensin system .	0
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake	The Loma Prieta earthquake , also known as the Quake of '89 and the World Series Earthquake , was a major earthquake that struck the San Francisco Bay Area of California on October 17 , 1989 , at 5:04 pm local time .	0
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake	Caused by a slip along the San Andreas Fault , the quake lasted 10–15 seconds and measured 6.9 on both the moment magnitude scale ( surface-wave magnitude 7.1 ) and on the open-ended Richter Scale .	0
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake	The quake killed 63 people throughout northern California , injured 3,757 and left some 3,000–12,000 people homeless .	0
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake	The earthquake occurred during the warm-up practice for the third game of the 1989 World Series , featuring both of the Bay Area 's Major League Baseball teams , the Oakland Athletics and the San Francisco Giants .	0
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake	Because of game-related sports coverage , this was the first major earthquake in the United States to have its initial jolt broadcast live on television .	0
how many pawns in chess	Pawn in the standard Staunton pattern	0
how many pawns in chess	The pawn ( ♙♟ ) is the most numerous and in most circumstances the weakest piece in the game of chess , historically representing infantry or , more particularly , armed peasants or pikemen .	0
how many pawns in chess	In chess , each player begins the game with eight pawns , one on each square of the rank immediately in front of the other pieces .	1
how many pawns in chess	( In algebraic notation , the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 , ... , h2 , while black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 , ... , h7 . )	0
how many pawns in chess	Individual pawns are referred to by the file on which they stand .	0
how many pawns in chess	For example , one speaks of `` White 's f-pawn '' or `` Black 's b-pawn '' , or less commonly ( using descriptive notation ) , `` White 's king 's bishop pawn '' or `` Black 's queen 's knight pawn '' .	0
how many pawns in chess	It is also common to refer to a rook pawn , meaning any pawn on the a- or h-file , a knight pawn ( on the b- or g-file ) , a bishop pawn ( on the c- or f-file ) , a queen pawn ( on the d-file ) , a king pawn ( on the e-file ) , and a central pawn ( on either the d- or e-file ) .	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	The military forces of the world have differing approaches to the enlistment of homosexual ( gay and lesbian ) and bisexual individuals .	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	The armed forces of most developed countries have now removed policies excluding non-heterosexual individuals ( with strict policies on sexual harassment ) .	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	Nations that permit gay people to serve openly in the military include the 4 of the 5 members of the UN Security Council ( United States , United Kingdom , France , and Russia ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , Australia , Israel , South Africa , Argentina , and all NATO members excluding Turkey .	1
how is hydrogen produced	Hydrogen production is the family of industrial methods for generating hydrogen .	0
how is hydrogen produced	Currently the dominant technology for direct production is steam reforming from hydrocarbons .	1
how is hydrogen produced	Many other methods are known including electrolysis and thermolysis .	0
how is hydrogen produced	In 2006 , the United States was estimated to have a production capacity of 11 million tonnes of hydrogen .	0
how is hydrogen produced	5 million tonnes of hydrogen were consumed on-site in oil refining , and in the production of ammonia ( Haber process ) and methanol ( reduction of carbon monoxide ) .	0
how is hydrogen produced	0.4 million tonnes were an incidental by-product of the chlor-alkali process .	0
how is hydrogen produced	Hydrogen production is an estimated $ 100 billion industry .	0
how many percent is a basis point	A basis point ( often denoted as bp , colloquially referred to in the plural as `` bips '' , also known as a `` beep '' ) is a unit equal to one hundredth of a percentage point , or one part per ten thousand , 1/10000 .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The same unit is also ( rarely ) called a permyriad , literally meaning 'for ( every ) myriad ( ten thousand ) ' , and in that context is written with which looks like a percent sign ( % ) with two extra zeroes at the end ( like a stylized form of the four zeros in the denominator , although it originates as a natural extension of the percent ( % ) and permille ( ‰ ) signs ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	A basis point is defined as:	0
how many percent is a basis point	1 basis point = 1 permyriad = one one-hundredth percent	1
how many percent is a basis point	1 bp = 1 = 0.01 % = 0.1‰ = 10−4 = = 0.0001	1
how many percent is a basis point	1 % = 100 bp = 100	0
how many percent is a basis point	Basis points are used as a convenient unit of measurement in contexts where percentage differences of less than 1 % are discussed .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The most common example is interest rates , where differences in interest rates of less than 1 % per year are usually meaningful to talk about .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , a difference of 0.10 percentage points is equivalent to a change of 10 basis points ( e.g . a 4.67 % rate increases by 10 basis points to 4.77 % ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Like percentage points , basis points avoid the ambiguity between relative and absolute discussions about interest rates by dealing only with the absolute change in numeric value of a rate .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , if a report says there has been a `` 1 % increase '' from a 10 % interest rate , this could refer to an increase either from 10 % to 10.1 % ( relative , 1 % of 10 % ) , or from 10 % to 11 % ( absolute , 1 % plus 10 % ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	If , however , the report says there has been a `` 10 basis point increase '' from a 10 % interest rate , then we know that the interest rate of 10 % has increased by 0.10 % ( the absolute change ) to a 10.1 % rate .	0
how many percent is a basis point	It is common practice in the financial industry to use basis points to denote a rate change in a financial instrument , or the difference ( spread ) between two interest rates , including the yields of fixed-income securities .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Since certain loans and bonds may commonly be quoted in relation to some index or underlying security , they will often be quoted as a spread over ( or under ) the index .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , a loan that bears interest of 0.50 % per annum above the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) is said to be 50 basis points over LIBOR , which is commonly expressed as `` L+50bps '' or simply `` L+50 '' .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The term `` basis point '' has its origins in trading the `` basis '' or the spread between two interest rates .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Since the basis is usually small , these are quoted multiplied up by 10000 , and hence a `` full point '' movement in the `` basis '' is a basis point .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Contrast with pips in FX forward markets .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The relationship between percentage changes and basis points can be summarized as follows : 1 percentage point change = 100 basis points , and 0.01 percentage points = 1 basis point .	1
how many percent is a basis point	So , a bond whose yield increases from 5 % to 5.5 % is said to increase by 50 basis points ; or interest rates that have risen 1 percentage point are said to have increased by 100 basis points .	0
what does the royal family do	The British Royal Family is the group of close relatives of the monarch of the United Kingdom .	0
what does the royal family do	The term is also commonly applied to the same group of people who are the relations of the monarch in her or his role as sovereign of any of the other Commonwealth realms , thus sometimes at variance with official national terms for the family .	0
how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you  how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you
how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you
what does the royal family do	Members of the Royal Family belong to , either by birth or marriage , the House of Windsor , since 1917 , when George V changed the name of the royal house from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .	0
what does the royal family do	This decision was primarily taken because Britain and her Empire were at war with Germany and given the British Royal Family 's strong German ancestry ; it was felt that its public image could be improved by choosing a more British house name .	0
what does the royal family do	The new name chosen , Windsor , had absolutely no connection other than as the name of the castle which was and continues to be a royal residence .	0
what does the royal family do	Although in the United Kingdom there is no strict legal or formal definition of who is or is not a member of the Royal Family , and different lists will include different people , those carrying the style Her or His Majesty ( HM ) , or Her or His Royal Highness ( HRH ) are always considered members , which usually results in the application of the term to the monarch , the consort of the monarch , the widowed consorts of previous monarchs , the children of the monarch and previous monarchs , the male-line grandchildren of the monarch and previous monarchs , and the spouses and the widows of a monarch 's and previous monarch 's sons and male-line grandsons .	0
what does the royal family do	On 30 November 1917 , King George V issued Letters Patent defining who are members of the Royal Family ; the text of the notice from the London Gazette is as follows:	0
what does the royal family do	In 1996 , Her Majesty The Queen modified these Letters Patent , as was evidenced by this Notice from the London Gazette:	0
what does the royal family do	In 2013 Letters Patent were issued to extend a title and a style borne by members of the Royal Family to additional persons to be born , evidenced by this Notice from the London Gazette:	0
what does the royal family do	Members and relatives of the British Royal Family historically represented the monarch in various places throughout the British Empire , sometimes for extended periods as viceroys , or for specific ceremonies or events .	0
what does the royal family do	Today , they often perform ceremonial and social duties throughout the United Kingdom and abroad on behalf of the United Kingdom .	0
what does the royal family do	Aside from the monarch , their only constitutional role in the affairs of government is to serve , if eligible and when appointed by letters patent , as a Counsellor of State , two or more of whom exercise the authority of the Crown ( within stipulated limits ) in the indisposal or absence from the British realm of the monarch .	0
what does the royal family do	In the other realms of the Commonwealth royalty do not serve as Counsellors of State .	0
what does the royal family do	However in each such realm the monarch 's family members may act on behalf of , are funded by , and represent the sovereign of that particular state , and not the United Kingdom .	0
what does the royal family do	The Queen , her consort , her children and grandchildren , as well as all former sovereigns ' children and grandchildren hold places in the first section
I like ML books 
I like reading books
Do you like reading ML
how are glacier caves formed  A partly submerged glacier cave on Perito Moreno Glacier 
how are glacier caves formed The ice facade is approximately 60 m high
how are you
i am fine
A lovely day it
Believe me.
Call me back.
As soon as possible
Do me a favor
Give me a hand
I do not understand
I do not mean it
I decline!
I’m on a diet
I just made it
I’m sorry
Absolutely not.
I have no idea.
Do i have to
Can I help you
A lovely day isn’t it
Do i have to
Can I help you
How are things going
Any thing else
Are you kidding
Are you sure
Do you understand me
Are you done
Can I ask you something
Can you please repeat that
Did you get it
Do you need anything
How are you
How do you feel
How much is it
How old are you
How was your weekend
Is all good
Is everything OK
What are you doing
What are you talking about
What are you up to
What are your hobbies
What did you say
What do you need
What do you think
What do you want to do
What do you want
What’s the weather like
What’s your e-mail address
What is your job
What’s your name
What’s your phone number
What is going on
When is the train leaving
How can I go to the town centre
Where are you from
Where are you going
Where are you
Where did you get it
Where do you live
Are you coming with me
How long will you stay
I agree.
I’m at home
It’s on the tip of my tongue
It’s ok
It really takes time
It’s fort he best
No I don’t want
See you
See you next time
So I do
So so
Allow me
Any day will do
Be calm
Be careful
Be quiet
Cheer up
Come on
Don’t be ridicolus
Don’t be so childish
Don’t move
Don’t worry
Enjoy yourself
Follow me
Forgive me
Forget it
God bless you
It’s very thoughtful of you
It’s up to you
It’s none of you business
Shut up
Slow down
Stop making such a noice
You are going too fast
Come with me
Good afternoon
Good morning
Good night
Have a good trip
Have a good weekend
I admire you
I apologize
I can’t wait
I don’t have time
I got it.
I hate you!
I hope so.
I knew it.
I love you.
I would love to.
I am busy.
I am tired.
I don’t agree.
You are wasting my time.
I feel much better.
They like each other.
I’m sorry.
I’m good.
It doesn’t matter.
Join me.
Let’s catch up
Let’s do it.
Nice to meet you.
Not yet.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Thank you very much.
You turn.
Excuse me could you tell me the way to the station please
Excuse me I'm looking for the town hall.
How far is it from the church to the station
Is it far from the church to the station
It takes about 10 minutes by bus
It's a 10-minute walk.
The church is within walking distance.
What's the best way to the station
Where is the nearest bus stop
Where is the next bus stop 
You can't miss it.
See you.


